005=Maze / Shooter Small
11beat=Unplayable
1941=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1941j=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1942=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1942a=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1942b=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1943=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1943j=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1943kai=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1944=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1944j=Shooter / Flying Vertical
1945kiii=Shooter / Flying Vertical
19xx=Shooter / Flying Vertical
19xxa=Shooter / Flying Vertical
19xxh=Shooter / Flying Vertical
19xxj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
19xxjr1=Shooter / Flying Vertical
2020bb=Sports / Baseball
2020bba=Sports / Baseball
2020bbh=Sports / Baseball
280zzzap=Driving / 1st Person
3countb=Wrestling
3in1semi=Multiplay
3kokushi=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
3stooges=Shooter / Field
3wonders=Multiplay
3wonderu=Multiplay
40love=Sports / Tennis
47pie2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
47pie2o=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
4dwarrio=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
4enraya=Tabletop
4in1=Multiplay
4in1boot=Multiplay
4psimasy=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
600=Maze
64streej=Fighter / 2.5D
64street=Fighter / 2.5D
720=Sports / Skateboarding
720g=Sports / Skateboarding
720gr1=Sports / Skateboarding
720r1=Sports / Skateboarding
720r2=Sports / Skateboarding
720r3=Sports / Skateboarding
7jigen=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
7toitsu=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
800fath=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
88games=Sports / Track & Field
8ball=Sports / Pool
8ball1=Sports / Pool
8ballact=Sports / Pool
8ballat2=Sports / Pool
8bpm=Sports / Pool
99lstwar=Shooter / Gallery
99lstwra=Shooter / Gallery
99lstwrk=Shooter / Gallery
9ballsh2=Sports / Pool
9ballsh3=Sports / Pool
9ballsht=Sports / Pool
a51mxr3k=Shooter / Gun
aafb=Sports / Football Amer.
aafbb=Sports / Football Amer.
aafbc=Sports / Football Amer.
aafbd2p=Sports / Football Amer.
abaseb=Sports / Baseball
abaseb2=Sports / Baseball
abattle=Shooter / Gallery
abattle2=Shooter / Gallery
abcop=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
abunai=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
aburner=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
aburner2=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
ace=Shooter / Field
aceattac=Unplayable
acedrvrw=Driving / Race (chase view)
acitya=Casino
acombat=Shooter / Gallery
acommand=Unplayable
acpsx=BIOS
acrobatm=Shooter / Flying Vertical
actfanc1=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
actfancj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
actfancr=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
actionhw=Maze
ad2083=Shooter / Field
aerfboot=Shooter / Flying Vertical
aeroboto=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
aerofgt=Shooter / Flying Vertical
aerofgtb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
aerofgtc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
afighter=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
afire=Shooter / Gallery
agallet=Shooter / Flying Vertical
agress=Puzzle / Sliding
ainferno=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
airbustj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
airbustr=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
airco22b=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
aircombj=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
aircombu=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
airduel=Shooter / Flying Vertical
airraid=Shooter / Flying Vertical
airwolf=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
ajax=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ajaxj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
akiss=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
akkanvdr=Shooter / Gallery
alcon=Shooter / Flying Vertical
alexkid1=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
alexkidd=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
alibaba=Maze
alien3=Shooter / Gun
alieninv=Shooter / Gallery
aliens=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
aliens2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
aliens3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
aliensj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
aliensj2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
aliensu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
aliensy1=Maze / Shooter Large
aliensy2=Maze / Shooter Large
aliensy3=Maze / Shooter Large
aliensyn=Maze / Shooter Large
aligator=Shooter / 3rd Person
aligatun=Shooter / 3rd Person
alleymas=Sports / Bowling
alphaho=Multiplay
alpham2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
alphamis=Shooter / Flying Vertical
alphaona=Shooter / Misc.
alphaone=Shooter / Misc.
alphaxz=Shooter / Flying Vertical
alpine=Sports / Skiing
alpinea=Sports / Skiing
alpinerc=Unplayable
alpinerd=Unplayable
altbeaj1=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
altbeaj3=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
altbeas2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
altbeas4=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
altbeas5=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
altbeasj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
altbeast=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
amatelas=Shooter / Walking
amazon=Shooter / Walking
ambush=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
ambusht=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
ambushv=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
amerdar2=Sports / Darts
amerdart=Sports / Darts
amidar=Maze / Outline
amidaro=Maze / Outline
amidars=Maze / Outline
amidaru=Maze / Outline
amigo=Maze / Outline
ampoker2=Unplayable
ampokr2a=Unplayable
ampokr2b=Unplayable
amspdwy=Driving / Race Track
amspdwya=Driving / Race Track
androdun=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
andromed=Unplayable
angelkds=Climbing
animaljr=Misc.
anteater=Maze
anteatg=Maze
anteatgb=Maze
aodk=Fighter / Versus
aof=Fighter / Versus
aof2=Fighter / Versus
aof2a=Fighter / Versus
aof3=Fighter / Versus
apache3=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
apb=Driving
apb1=Driving
apb2=Driving
apb3=Driving
apb4=Driving
apb5=Driving
apb6=Driving
apbf=Driving
apbg=Driving
aponow=Shooter / Flying
apparel=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
appoooh=Wrestling
aquajack=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
aquajckj=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
aquarium=Puzzle / Drop
aquarush=Puzzle
ar_airh=Sports
ar_bios=BIOS
ar_bowl=Sports / Bowling
ar_dart=Sports / Darts
ar_fast=Sports / Basketball
ar_ldrb=Sports / Golf
ar_ldrba=Sports / Golf
ar_ninj=Fighter / 2D
ar_rdwr=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
ar_sdwr=Unplayable
ar_spot=Unplayable
ar_sprg=Unplayable
ar_xeon=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
arabfgt=Fighter / Field
arabfgtj=Fighter / Field
arabiamj=Fighter / 2.5D
arabiamu=Fighter / 2.5D
arabian=Platform / Run Jump
arabiana=Platform / Run Jump
arabianm=Fighter / 2.5D
arbalest=Shooter / Flying Vertical
arcadecl=Multiplay
arcadia=Shooter / Gallery
archriv2=Sports / Basketball
archrivl=Sports / Basketball
area51=Shooter / Gun
area51a=Shooter / Gun
area51mx=Shooter / Gun
area51t=Shooter / Gun
area88=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
arescue=Unplayable
argus=Shooter / Flying Vertical
argusg=Shooter / Field
arkangc=Breakout
arkanoid=Breakout
arkarea=Shooter / Field
arkatayt=Breakout
arkatour=Breakout
arkbl2=Breakout
arkbl3=Breakout
arkbloc2=Breakout
arkblock=Breakout
arknid2j=Breakout
arknid2u=Breakout
arknoid2=Breakout
arknoidj=Breakout
arknoidu=Breakout
arknoiuo=Breakout
arkretrn=Breakout
arlingtn=Sports / Horse Racing
armedf=Shooter / Flying Vertical
armora=Maze / Shooter Small
armorap=Maze / Shooter Small
armorar=Maze / Shooter Small
armorca2=Maze
armorcar=Maze
armwar=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
armwara=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
armwarr1=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
armwaru=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
armwrest=Sports / Armwrestling
ashnojoe=Sports / Boxing
ashura=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ashurau=Shooter / Flying Vertical
aso=Shooter / Flying Vertical
assault=Shooter / Driving
assaultj=Shooter / Driving
assaultp=Shooter / Driving
astdelu1=Shooter / Field
astdelux=Shooter / Field
asterix=Fighter / 2.5D
asterock=Shooter / Field
asteroi1=Shooter / Field
asteroib=Shooter / Field
asteroid=Shooter / Field
astinvad=Shooter / Gallery
astorm=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
astorm3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
astormbl=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
astormj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
astormu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
astrass=Fighter / Versus
astrob=Shooter / Gallery
astrob1=Shooter / Gallery
astrob2=Shooter / Gallery
astrob2a=Shooter / Gallery
astrof=Shooter / Gallery
astrof2=Shooter / Gallery
astrof3=Shooter / Gallery
astrofl=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
astrxeaa=Fighter / 2.5D
astrxeac=Fighter / 2.5D
astyanax=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
asuka=Shooter / Flying Vertical
asurabld=Fighter / Versus
asylum=Shooter / Walking
atarifb=Sports / Football Amer.
atarifb1=Sports / Football Amer.
atarifb4=Sports / Football Amer.
ataxx=Tabletop
ataxxa=Tabletop
ataxxj=Tabletop
atehate=Quiz / Japanese
atetckt2=Puzzle / Drop
atetcktl=Puzzle / Drop
atetris=Puzzle / Drop
atetrisa=Puzzle / Drop
atetrisb=Puzzle / Drop
atetrsb2=Puzzle / Drop
athena=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
atlantis=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
atlantol=Sports / Track & Field
atlants2=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
atluspsx=BIOS
atomboy=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
atomicp=Puzzle / Drop
atompunk=Maze
atpsx=BIOS
attckufo=Shooter / Gallery
aurail=Shooter / Driving Vertical
aurail1=Shooter / Driving Vertical
aurailj=Shooter / Driving Vertical
av2mj1bb=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
av2mj2rg=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
avalnche=Ball & Paddle
avenger2=Fighter / Vertical
avengers=Fighter / Vertical
avengrgs=Fighter / Versus
avsp=Fighter / 2.5D
avspa=Fighter / 2.5D
avsph=Fighter / 2.5D
avspirit=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
avspj=Fighter / 2.5D
avspu=Fighter / 2.5D
aztarac=Shooter / Field
azurian=Shooter / Field
backfira=Unplayable
backfire=Unplayable
baddudes=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
badlands=Driving / Race Track
bagman=Platform / Run Jump
bagmanmc=Platform / Run Jump
bagmans=Platform / Run Jump
bagmans2=Platform / Run Jump
bagnard=Platform / Run Jump
bagnarda=Platform / Run Jump
bakatono=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
bakubaku=Puzzle / Drop
bakubrkr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bakuhatu=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
bakutotu=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
balcube=Breakout
ballbomb=Shooter / Gallery
ballbros=Puzzle / Drop
balonfgt=Platform / Run Jump
baluba=Platform / Run Jump
bananadr=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
bandido=Shooter / Field
bang=Shooter / Gun
bangball=Puzzle / Toss
bangbead=Sports
bangj=Shooter / Gun
bankp=Shooter / Gallery
baraduka=Maze / Shooter Large
baraduke=Maze / Shooter Large
barricad=Maze / Surround
barrier=Puzzle
basebal2=Sports / Baseball
bass=Unplayable
batcir=Fighter / 2.5D
batcira=Fighter / 2.5D
batcirj=Fighter / 2.5D
batlbala=Puzzle / Drop
batlball=Puzzle / Drop
batman=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
batman2=Shooter / Gallery
batmanfr=Fighter / 3D
batrider=Shooter / Flying Vertical
batridra=Shooter / Flying Vertical
batridrk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
batsugun=Shooter / Flying Vertical
battlan2=Shooter / Driving Vertical
battlan3=Shooter / Driving Vertical
battlane=Shooter / Driving Vertical
battlcry=Fighter / 2D
battleg=Shooter / Flying Vertical
battlega=Shooter / Flying Vertical
battlegb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
battlegc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
battlera=Shooter / Walking
battles=Shooter / Flying Vertical
battlex=Shooter / Flying
battlntj=Shooter / Gallery
battlnts=Shooter / Gallery
battroad=Shooter / Driving Vertical
batugnsp=Shooter / Flying Vertical
batwings=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bayrout1=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bayroute=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bayroutj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bayrtbl1=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bayrtbl2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bbakradu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bbakraid=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bballs=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
bbbxing=Sports / Boxing
bbmanw=Maze
bbmanwj=Maze
bbonk=Maze / Surround
bbprot=Fighter / Versus
bbros=Shooter / Gallery
bbusters=Shooter / Gun
bchopper=Shooter / Flying
bcrusher=Platform / Fighter
bcruzm12=Shooter / Gallery
bcstry=Mini-Games
bcstrya=Mini-Games
beaminv=Shooter / Gallery
beastf=Platform / Run Jump
beastrzb=Fighter / Versus
beastrzr=Fighter / Versus
beathead=Misc.
beezer=Maze
beezer1=Maze
bel=Unplayable
benberob=Platform / Shooter
berabohm=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
beraboho=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
berlwall=Platform / Run Jump
berlwalt=Platform / Run Jump
bermudaa=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bermudao=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bermudat=Shooter / Flying Vertical
berzerk=Maze / Shooter Small
berzerk1=Maze / Shooter Small
bestleag=Sports / Soccer
bigbang=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bigbucks=Quiz / English
bigevglf=Sports / Golf
bigfghtr=Unplayable
bigkarnk=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
bigkong=Platform / Run Jump
bigprowr=Wrestling
bigrun=Driving / Race (chase view)
bigstrik=Sports / Soccer
bigstrkb=Sports / Soccer
bigtwin=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
bijokkog=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
bijokkoy=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
billiard=Sports / Pool
bioatack=Shooter / Flying Vertical
biofreak=Fighter / Versus
biomtoy=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bionicc=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bionicc2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bioship=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
birdtry=Sports / Golf
bishi=Mini-Games
bjourney=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
bjtwin=Platform / Run Jump
bking=Sports / Golf
bking2=Sports / Golf
bking3=Sports / Golf
bkrtmaq=Quiz / Japanese
bktigerb=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
bladestl=Sports / Hockey
bladstle=Sports / Hockey
blandia=Fighter / Versus *Mature*
blandiap=Fighter / Versus *Mature*
blast30=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
blasted=Shooter / 3rd Person
blaster=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
blastkit=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
blasto=Maze / Shooter Small
blastoff=Shooter / Flying Vertical
blazeon=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
blazer=Shooter / Driving Diagonal
blazstar=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
blckgalb=Breakout *Mature*
blckout2=Puzzle / Drop
blckoutj=Puzzle / Drop
bldwolf=Shooter / Walking
bldyror2=Fighter / Versus
blitz=Sports / Football Amer.
blitz2k=Sports / Football Amer.
blitz99=Sports / Football Amer.
blkbustr=Puzzle / Maze
blkdrgnb=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
blkdrgon=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
blkhearj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
blkheart=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
blkhole=Shooter / Gallery
blkpnthr=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
blktiger=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
blmbycar=Driving / Race
blmbycau=Driving / Race
block=Breakout
blocka=Breakout
blockade=Maze / Surround
blockbl=Breakout
blockcar=Breakout
blocken=Breakout
blockgal=Breakout *Mature*
blockhl=Puzzle
blockj=Breakout
blockout=Puzzle / Drop
bloodbra=Shooter / 3rd Person
bloodbro=Shooter / 3rd Person
bloods11=Fighter / Versus
bloods21=Fighter / Versus
bloods22=Fighter / Versus
bloodstm=Fighter / Versus
bloodwar=Fighter / Versus
bloxeed=Puzzle / Drop
bloxeedc=Puzzle / Drop
bloxeedu=Puzzle / Drop
blsthead=Shooter / Field
blstroi2=Shooter / Field
blstroi3=Shooter / Field
blstroid=Shooter / Field
blstroig=Shooter / Field
blswhstl=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bluehawk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bluehawn=Shooter / Flying Vertical
blueprnj=Maze
blueprnt=Maze
blueshrk=Shooter / Gallery
blzntrnd=Wrestling
bm1stmix=Rhythm
bm2ndmix=Rhythm
bm2ndmxa=Rhythm
bm4thmix=Rhythm
bm5thmix=Rhythm
bm6thmix=Rhythm
bmaster=Fighter / 2.5D
bmcbowl=Sports / Bowling
bmcompm2=Rhythm
bmcompmx=Rhythm
bmcorerm=Rhythm
bmdct=Rhythm
bnglngby=Shooter / Flying
bnj=Driving
bnzabros=Platform / Shooter
boblbobl=Platform / Run Jump
bodyslam=Wrestling
bogeyman=Platform / Fighter
boggy84=Platform / Run Jump
bombbee=Breakout
bombjac2=Platform / Run Jump
bombjack=Platform / Run Jump
bomblord=Unplayable
bombrman=Maze
bongo=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
bonkadv=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
bonuscrd=Misc. Betting
bonzeadu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
bonzeadv=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
boogwina=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
boogwing=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
boomrang=Shooter / Walking
bootcamp=Sports / Track & Field
boothill=Shooter / Versus
borench=Maze
borntofi=Shooter / Gun
bosco=Shooter / Field
boscomd=Shooter / Field
boscomdo=Shooter / Field
boscoo=Shooter / Field
boscoo2=Shooter / Field
botanic=Maze
botss=Unplayable
bottom9=Sports / Baseball
bottom9n=Sports / Baseball
bouldash=Maze / Digging
bouldshj=Maze / Digging
bounty=Driving / Boat
bowler=Sports / Bowling
bowlrama=Sports / Bowling
boxer=Fighter / Versus
boxingb=Shooter / Field
boxyboy=Puzzle
bradley=Shooter / 1st Person
brain=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
brapboys=Unplayable
brdrlinb=Maze / Shooter Small
brdrline=Shooter / Driving Vertical
breakers=Fighter / Versus
breakrev=Fighter / Versus
breywood=Maze / Shooter Large
brickyrd=Maze / Surround
brickzn=Breakout
brickzn3=Breakout
brival=Fighter / Versus
brivalj=Fighter / Versus
brix=Maze
brkthru=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
brkthruj=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
bronx=Shooter / Gun
brubber=Driving
brutforc=Fighter / Field
brvblade=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bshark=Shooter / 1st Person
bsharkj=Shooter / 1st Person
bsktball=Sports / Basketball
bssoccer=Sports / Soccer
bstars=Sports / Baseball
bstars2=Sports / Baseball
btchamp=Unplayable
btime=Platform / Run Jump
btime2=Platform / Run Jump
btimem=Platform / Run Jump
btlecity=Maze / Shooter Small
btlfield=Shooter / Walking
btlfildb=Shooter / Walking
btlkroad=Fighter / Versus
btoads=Fighter / 2.5D
bubblem=Platform / Run Jump
bubblemj=Platform / Run Jump
bubbles=Misc.
bubblesp=Misc.
bubblesr=Misc.
bubbletr=Unplayable
bubbobr1=Platform / Run Jump
bubl2000=Puzzle / Toss *Mature*
bublbob1=Platform / Run Jump
bublbob2=Platform / Run Jump
bublbobl=Platform / Run Jump
bublbobr=Platform / Run Jump
bubsympe=Platform / Run Jump
bubsymph=Platform / Run Jump
bubsympu=Platform / Run Jump
buccanra=Fighter / 2D
buccanrs=Fighter / 2D
buckrog=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
buckrogn=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
bucky=Shooter / Walking
buckyua=Shooter / Walking
buggyb1=Unplayable
buggyboy=Unplayable
buggychl=Driving / Race (chase view)
buggycht=Driving / Race (chase view)
bullet=Unplayable
bullfgt=Sports / Bull Fighting
bullfgtr=Sports / Hockey
bullfgts=Sports / Hockey
bullsdrt=Sports / Darts
buraiken=Fighter / Vertical
burglarx=Maze
buriki=Unplayable
burnforc=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
burningf=Fighter / 2.5D
burningh=Fighter / 2.5D
butasan=Misc.
bwcasino=Casino
bwidow=Shooter / Field
bwing=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bwings=Shooter / Flying Vertical
bzone=Shooter / Driving 1st Person
bzone2=Shooter / Driving 1st Person
bzonec=Shooter / Driving 1st Person
cabal=Shooter / 3rd Person
cabal2=Shooter / 3rd Person
cabalbl=Shooter / 3rd Person
cabaret=Unplayable
cachat=Puzzle / Drop
cadash=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
cadashf=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
cadashi=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
cadashj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
cadashu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
cairblad=Shooter / Versus
calibr50=Shooter / Walking
calipso=Maze / Shooter Small
calorie=Maze
calorieb=Maze
calspeed=Driving / Race (chase view)
cameltrj=Maze
cameltry=Maze
camltrua=Maze
candance=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
cannball=Puzzle / Toss *Mature*
cannonb=Breakout
cannonb2=Breakout
canyon=Shooter / Gallery
canyonp=Shooter / Gallery
capbowl=Sports / Bowling
capbowl2=Sports / Bowling
capbowl3=Sports / Bowling
capbowl4=Sports / Bowling
capitol=Shooter / Gallery
captaven=Fighter / 2.5D
captavna=Fighter / 2.5D
captavne=Fighter / 2.5D
captavnj=Fighter / 2.5D
captavnu=Fighter / 2.5D
captavuu=Fighter / 2.5D
captcomj=Fighter / 2.5D
captcomm=Fighter / 2.5D
captcomu=Fighter / 2.5D
caractn=Driving
carjmbre=Driving
carnevil=Shooter / Gun
carnival=Shooter / Gallery
carnvckt=Shooter / Gallery
carpolo=Sports
cartfury=Driving / Race (chase view)
cascade=Ball & Paddle
castfant=Shooter / Gallery
catapult=Unplayable
catch22=Shooter / Gun
caterplr=Shooter / Gallery
catt=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
cavelon=Maze / Shooter Large
cavenger=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cawing=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cawingj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cawingu=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cbaj=Sports / Skiing
cball=Misc.
cbasebal=Sports / Baseball
cbdash=Maze / Digging
cbnj=Driving
cbtime=Platform / Run Jump
cburnrb2=Driving
cburnrub=Driving
cbuster=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
cbusterj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
cbusterw=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
ccasino=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ccastle2=Maze
ccastle3=Maze
ccastles=Maze
ccboot=Climbing
ccboot2=Climbing
cchasm=Shooter / Field
cchasm1=Shooter / Field
cclimber=Climbing
cclimbr2=Climbing
cclimbrj=Climbing
cclmbr2a=Climbing
cdiscon1=Maze
centipd2=Shooter / Gallery
centipdb=Shooter / Gallery
centiped=Shooter / Gallery
centtime=Shooter / Gallery
cerberus=Shooter / Field
cexplore=Unplayable
cfghtice=Sports / Hockey
cflyball=Breakout
cgangpzj=Puzzle / Drop
cgangpzl=Puzzle / Drop
cgraplop=Breakout
cgraplp2=Breakout
chainrec=Puzzle / Toss
chaknpop=Maze
challeng=Shooter / Gallery
chameleo=Platform / Run Jump
champb2a=Sports / Baseball
champbas=Sports / Baseball
champbb2=Sports / Baseball
champbbj=Sports / Baseball
champbja=Sports / Baseball
champbwl=Sports / Bowling
champwr=Wrestling
champwrj=Wrestling
champwru=Wrestling
changela=Unplayable
changes=Maze
changesa=Maze
charlien=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
chasehq=Driving / Race (chase view)
chasehqj=Driving / Race (chase view)
chboxing=Sports / Boxing
checkmaj=Puzzle / Maze
checkman=Puzzle / Maze
checkmat=Maze / Surround
cheekyms=Fighter / Field
cheesech=Maze
chelnov=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
chelnovj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
chelnovu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
chewing=Unplayable
cheyenne=Shooter / Gun
chikij=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
chiller=Shooter / Gun
chimerab=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
chinagat=Platform / Fighter
chinatwn=Puzzle / Drop
chindrag=Unplayable
chinher2=Fighter / Field
chinhero=Fighter / Field
chinmoku=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
chmplst2=Unplayable
chokchok=Shooter / Gallery
choko=Unplayable
chopper=Shooter / Flying Vertical
choppera=Shooter / Flying Vertical
chopperb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
chplft=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
chplftb=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
chplftbl=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
chqflag=Driving / Race
chqflagj=Driving / Race
chugokur=Unplayable
chukatai=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
chukataj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
chukatau=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
chwrestl=Wrestling
chwy=Unplayable
circus=Breakout
circusc=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
circusc2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
circuscc=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
circusce=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
cischeat=Driving / Race (chase view)
citybmrj=Shooter / Driving Vertical
citybomb=Shooter / Driving Vertical
citycon=Platform / Run Jump
citycona=Platform / Run Jump
citylove=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ckong=Platform / Run Jump
ckonga=Platform / Run Jump
ckongalc=Platform / Run Jump
ckongb=Platform / Run Jump
ckongjeu=Platform / Run Jump
ckongo=Platform / Run Jump
ckongs=Platform / Run Jump
clapapa=Maze
clapapa2=Maze
claypign=Shooter / Gun
clayshoo=Shooter / Gallery
clbowl=Sports / Bowling
cleopatr=Puzzle / Drop
cloak=Shooter / Field
cloakfr=Shooter / Field
cloakgr=Shooter / Field
cloaksp=Shooter / Field
clocknch=Maze
cloud9=Shooter / Gallery
clowns=Breakout
clowns1=Breakout
clshrdst=Driving / Race Bike
clshroad=Driving / Race Bike
cltchitr=Sports / Baseball
cltchtrj=Sports / Baseball
club90s=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
club90sa=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
cluckypo=Casino
cluclu=Puzzle / Maze
cm2841a=Unplayable
cm2v841=Unplayable
cmehyou=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
cmissnx=Shooter / Flying Vertical
cmv801=Unplayable
cnights2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
cnightst=Shooter / Flying Vertical
cninja=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
cninja0=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
cninjau=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
cntsteer=Unplayable
cobracmj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cobracom=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
colmns97=Puzzle / Drop
colony7=Shooter / Command
colony7a=Shooter / Command
colt=Shooter / Gun
column2j=Puzzle / Drop
columns=Puzzle / Drop
columns2=Puzzle / Drop
columnsj=Puzzle / Drop
combasc=Sports / Track & Field
combascb=Sports / Track & Field
combascj=Sports / Track & Field
combasct=Sports / Track & Field
combat=Shooter / Gun
commandj=Shooter / Walking
commando=Shooter / Walking
commandu=Shooter / Walking
commandw=Fighter / Versus
commsega=Shooter / Gallery
comotion=Maze / Surround
compglfo=Sports / Golf
compgolf=Sports / Golf
complexx=Platform / Shooter
condor=Shooter / Gallery
congo=Platform / Run Jump
conquer=Unplayable
contcirc=Driving / Race (chase view)
contcrcu=Driving / Race (chase view)
contcrua=Driving / Race (chase view)
contra=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
contrab=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
contraj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
contrajb=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
cookbib=Puzzle / Toss
cookbib2=Puzzle / Toss
cookrace=Platform / Run Jump
coolmini=Unplayable
coolpool=Sports / Pool
coolridr=Unplayable
cop01=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
cop01a=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
copsnrob=Shooter / Versus
cosmccop=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cosmica=Shooter / Gallery
cosmica2=Shooter / Gallery
cosmicg=Shooter / Gallery
cosmicm2=Shooter / Gallery
cosmicmo=Shooter / Gallery
cosmo=Shooter / Gallery
cosmogng=Shooter / Gallery
cosmognj=Shooter / Gallery
cosmos=Shooter / Gallery
cotton=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cotton2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cottonbm=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cottong=Puzzle / Sliding
cottonj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
cottonu=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
countrb2=Maze / Driving
countrnb=Maze / Driving
countrun=Maze / Driving
countryc=Sports / Golf
couple=Unplayable
couplep=Unplayable
cppicf=Platform / Run Jump
cppicf2=Platform / Run Jump
cprobowl=Sports / Bowling
cprogolf=Sports / Golf
cprosocc=Sports / Soccer
cptennis=Sports / Tennis
cpzn1=BIOS
cpzn2=BIOS
cracksht=Shooter / Gun
crash=Maze / Driving
crater=Shooter / Driving
crazyblk=Puzzle / Maze
crazycop=Shooter / Walking
crbalon2=Maze
crbaloon=Maze
crgolf=Sports / Golf
crgolfa=Sports / Golf
crgolfb=Sports / Golf
crgolfc=Sports / Golf
crimec=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
crimecj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
crimecu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
crimfght=Fighter / 2.5D
crimfgt2=Fighter / 2.5D
crimfgtj=Fighter / 2.5D
crkdown=Maze / Shooter Large
croquis=Puzzle
crospang=Puzzle
crossbow=Shooter / Gun
crshrac2=Driving / Race
crshrace=Driving / Race
crsword=Fighter / Misc.
cruisin=Platform / Run Jump
crush=Maze
crush2=Maze
crush3=Maze
crush4=Maze
crusnexo=Unplayable
crusnu21=Driving / Race (chase view)
crusnu40=Driving / Race (chase view)
crusnusa=Driving / Race (chase view)
crusnw13=Driving / Race (chase view)
crusnw20=Driving / Race (chase view)
crusnwld=Driving / Race (chase view)
cryptklr=Shooter / Gun
crysbios=BIOS
crysking=Fighter / 2.5D
crystal2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
crystalg=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
crzrallg=Driving / Race
crzrally=Driving / Race
csclub=Sports / Multiplay
cscluba=Sports / Multiplay
csclubh=Sports / Multiplay
csclubj=Sports / Multiplay
cscrtry=Sports / Football Rugby
cscrtry2=Sports / Football Rugby
cshift=Puzzle
cshooter=Shooter / Flying Vertical
cshootre=Shooter / Flying Vertical
csilver=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
csk227it=Misc. Betting *Mature*
csk234it=Misc. Betting *Mature*
cspring1=Driving / Race Track
csprins1=Driving / Race Track
csprint=Driving / Race Track
csprint1=Driving / Race Track
csprint2=Driving / Race Track
csprintf=Driving / Race Track
csprintg=Driving / Race Track
csprints=Driving / Race Track
cstlevna=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
csuperas=Shooter / Gallery
csweetht=Maze
cterrani=Shooter / Gallery
ctisland=Unplayable
ctislnd2=Unplayable
ctislnd3=Unplayable
ctomaday=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ctornado=Shooter / Gallery
ctribe=Fighter / 2.5D
ctribeb=Fighter / 2.5D
ctrpllrp=Maze
ctsttape=Misc.
cubybop=Breakout
cuebrckj=Puzzle / Sliding
cuebrick=Puzzle / Sliding
cultname=Unplayable
cupfinal=Sports / Soccer
cupsoc=Sports / Soccer
cupsoc2=Sports / Soccer
cupsocbl=Sports / Soccer
curvebal=Sports / Baseball
cutieq=Breakout
cvs=BIOS
cworld=Quiz / Japanese
cworld2j=Quiz / Japanese
cybattlr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
cyberb21=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberb22=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberb23=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberb2p=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberba2=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberbal=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberbap=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberbt=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberbt1=Sports / Football Amer.
cyberlip=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
cybertnk=Unplayable
cybots=Fighter / Versus
cybotsj=Fighter / Versus
cybotsu=Fighter / Versus
cybrcomm=Unplayable
cybrcycc=Unplayable
cybsled=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
cyclshtg=Shooter / Gun
cyclwarr=Fighter / Misc.
cyvern=Shooter / Flying Vertical
czeroize=Unplayable
dacholer=Maze / Shooter Small
dadandrn=Fighter / Versus Co-op
daimakai=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
daioh=Shooter / Flying Vertical
daireika=Unplayable
dairesya=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
daisenpu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
daiskiss=Mini-Games
daitorid=Puzzle / Match
daiyogen=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
dakkochn=Unplayable
dambust=Unplayable
dambustr=Unplayable
danceyes=Maze / Outline *Mature*
danchih=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
dangar=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dangar2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dangarb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dangerz=Shooter / Command
dangseed=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dankuga=Fighter / Versus
daraku=Fighter / Versus
darius=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
darius2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
darius2d=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
dariuse=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
dariusg=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
dariusgj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
dariusgu=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
dariusgx=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
dariusj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
dariuso=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
darkadv=Shooter / Walking
darkedge=Fighter / Versus
darkedgj=Fighter / Versus
darkmist=Unplayable
darkplnt=Shooter / Field
darksea1=Maze / Fighter
darkseaj=Maze / Fighter
darkseal=Maze / Fighter
darksel2=Maze / Fighter
darktowr=Platform / Run Jump
darkwar=Shooter / Gallery
darwin=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dassaul4=Shooter / Walking
dassault=Shooter / Walking
daytona=Unplayable
daytona2=Unplayable
daytonam=Unplayable
daytonat=Unplayable
dazzler=Maze
dblaxle=Driving / Race (chase view)
dbldyn=Shooter / 3rd Person
dblewing=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dblplay=Sports / Baseball
dblpoint=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
dbreed=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
dbz=Fighter / Versus
dbz2=Fighter / Versus
dbzvrvs=Fighter / Versus
dcclub=Sports / Golf
dcclubfd=Sports / Golf
dcheese=Misc. Betting
dcon=Shooter / Command
dday=Shooter / Gallery
ddayc=Shooter / Gallery
ddayjlc=Unplayable
ddcrew=Fighter / 2.5D
ddcrew1=Fighter / 2.5D
ddcrew2=Fighter / 2.5D
ddcrewj=Fighter / 2.5D
ddcrewu=Fighter / 2.5D
ddenlovr=Tabletop / Othello *Mature*
ddonpach=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ddonpchj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ddp2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ddragn2u=Fighter / 2.5D
ddrago3b=Fighter / 2.5D
ddragon=Fighter / 2.5D
ddragon2=Fighter / 2.5D
ddragon3=Fighter / 2.5D
ddragonb=Fighter / 2.5D
ddragonu=Fighter / 2.5D
ddragonw=Fighter / 2.5D
ddream95=Sports / Basketball
ddribble=Sports / Basketball
ddsom=Fighter / 2.5D
ddsoma=Fighter / 2.5D
ddsomj=Fighter / 2.5D
ddsomjr1=Fighter / 2.5D
ddsomr1=Fighter / 2.5D
ddsomu=Fighter / 2.5D
ddsomur1=Fighter / 2.5D
ddtod=Fighter / 2.5D
ddtoda=Fighter / 2.5D
ddtodh=Fighter / 2.5D
ddtodj=Fighter / 2.5D
ddtodjr1=Fighter / 2.5D
ddtodr1=Fighter / 2.5D
ddtodu=Fighter / 2.5D
ddtodur1=Fighter / 2.5D
ddungeon=Maze / Digging
ddux=Fighter / 3D
dduxbl=Fighter / 3D
deadang=Shooter / 1st Person
deadconj=Shooter / Field
deadconx=Shooter / Field
deadeye=Shooter / Gallery
dealer=Unplayable
deathbrd=Fighter / Versus
decathlt=Sports / Track & Field
decocass=BIOS
defcmnd=Shooter / Flying
defence=Shooter / Flying
defender=Shooter / Flying
defendg=Shooter / Flying
defendw=Shooter / Flying
defense=Shooter / Command
defndjeu=Shooter / Flying
deltrace=Shooter / Field
demndrgn=Shooter / Field
demoderb=Driving
demoderm=Driving
demon=Shooter / Field
demoneye=Shooter / Gallery
demonwl1=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
demonwld=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
dendeg=Unplayable
dendeg2=Unplayable
dendeg2x=Unplayable
dendegx=Unplayable
denjinmk=Unplayable
depthch=Shooter / Gallery
depthv1=Shooter / Gallery
deroon=Unplayable
desert=Unplayable
desertbr=Shooter / Walking
desertgu=Shooter / Gun
desertwr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
desterth=Maze / Shooter Small
destroyr=Shooter / Gallery
detatwin=Shooter / Flying Vertical
devilfsg=Maze
devilfsh=Maze
devilw=Shooter / Walking
devstor2=Shooter / 3rd Person
devstor3=Shooter / 3rd Person
devstors=Shooter / 3rd Person
devzone=Shooter / Gallery
devzone2=Shooter / Gallery
dfeveron=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dharma=Puzzle
diamond=Maze / Digging
diehard=Fighter / 2.5D
dietgo=Platform / Run Jump
dietgoe=Platform / Run Jump
dietgoj=Platform / Run Jump
dietgou=Platform / Run Jump
digdug=Maze / Digging
digdug2=Maze
digdug2o=Maze
digduga1=Maze / Digging
digdugat=Maze / Digging
digdugb=Maze / Digging
digger=Maze
diggerc=Maze / Digging
dimahoo=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dingo=Maze
dingoe=Unplayable
dino=Fighter / 2.5D
dinoj=Fighter / 2.5D
dinorex=Fighter / Versus
dinorexj=Fighter / Versus
dinorexu=Fighter / Versus
dinou=Fighter / 2.5D
dirtdvls=Unplayable
dirtfoxj=Driving / Race
disco=Maze
discof=Maze
diverboy=Misc.
djboy=Fighter / 2.5D
dkgenm72=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
dkgensan=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
dkngjnrb=Platform / Run Jump
dkngjnrj=Platform / Run Jump
dkong=Platform / Run Jump
dkong3=Platform / Run Jump
dkong3b=Platform / Run Jump
dkong3j=Platform / Run Jump
dkongjo=Platform / Run Jump
dkongjo1=Platform / Run Jump
dkongjp=Platform / Run Jump
dkongjr=Platform / Run Jump
dkongjrb=Platform / Run Jump
dkongjrj=Platform / Run Jump
dkongjrm=Platform / Run Jump
dkongo=Platform / Run Jump
dlair=Unplayable
dleague=Sports / Baseball
dmndrby=Unplayable
dmndrbya=Unplayable
dnmtdeka=Fighter / 2.5D
doa=Unplayable
doaa=Unplayable
doapp=Fighter / Versus
docastl2=Platform / Run Jump
docastle=Platform / Run Jump
docastlo=Platform / Run Jump
dockman=Platform / Run Jump
dodgem=Maze
dogfgt=Shooter / Flying
dogfgtj=Shooter / Flying
dogfight=Shooter / Gallery
dogosoke=Shooter / Walking
dogosokj=Shooter / Walking
dogpatch=Shooter / Versus
dogyuun=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dokaben=Sports / Baseball
dokyusei=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
dokyusp=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
domino=Misc.
dominos=Maze / Surround
dommy=Maze
dondenmj=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
dondokdj=Platform / Run Jump
dondokdu=Platform / Run Jump
dondokod=Platform / Run Jump
donpachi=Shooter / Flying Vertical
donpachj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
donpachk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dorachan=Maze
dorodon=Maze
dorodon2=Maze
dorunru2=Maze
dorunruc=Maze
dorunrun=Maze
dotriku2=Maze
dotrikun=Maze
dotron=Misc.
dotrona=Misc.
dotrone=Misc.
doubledr=Fighter / Versus
douni=Platform / Run Jump
dowild=Platform / Run Jump
downtown=Fighter / Vertical
downtowp=Fighter / Vertical
dplay=Sports / Baseball
dragnblz=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dragngun=Shooter / 1st Person
dragoona=Fighter / Versus
dragoonj=Fighter / Versus
dragrace=Driving / Race
drakton=Unplayable
dreamwld=Unplayable
dremshpr=Puzzle / Maze
drgnbowl=Fighter / 2.5D
drgnbstr=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
drgninja=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
drgnmst=Fighter / Versus
drgnunit=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
drgpunch=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
drgw2=Puzzle / Match
drgw2c=Puzzle / Match
drgw3=Unplayable
drgw3k=Unplayable
dribling=Sports / Soccer
driblino=Sports / Soccer
drifto94=Driving / Race
driftout=Driving / Race
drius2do=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
drivedge=Driving / 1st Person
driveout=Driving / Race
driveyes=Unplayable
drivfrcb=Driving / Race (chase view)
drivfrcg=Driving / Race (chase view)
drivfrcp=Driving / Race (chase view)
drmario=Puzzle / Drop
drmicro=Platform / Run Jump
drtomy=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
drtoppel=Shooter / Flying Vertical
drtopplj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
drtopplu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dsaber=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dsaberj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dsccr94j=Sports / Soccer
dsoccr94=Sports / Soccer
dspirit=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dspirito=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dstlk=Fighter / Versus
dstlka=Fighter / Versus
dstlku=Fighter / Versus
dstlkur1=Fighter / Versus
dualaslt=Shooter / Flying
duckhunt=Shooter / Gun
dumpmtmt=Wrestling
dungenmu=Maze / Fighter
dungeonm=Maze / Fighter
dunkmnia=Sports / Basketball
dunkmnic=Sports / Basketball
dunkshot=Sports / Basketball
dyger=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dygera=Shooter / Flying Vertical
dynabb=Unplayable
dynablsb=Maze
dynablst=Maze
dynadice=Casino
dynagear=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
dynamcop=Unplayable
dynamski=Sports / Skiing
dyndeka2=Unplayable
dynduke=Shooter / 3rd Person
dynmcopb=Unplayable
dynobop=Misc.
dynwar=Fighter / 2.5D
dynwarj=Fighter / 2.5D
dzigzag=Maze / Digging
eagle=Shooter / Gallery
eagle2=Shooter / Gallery
eagle3=Shooter / Gallery
eaglshot=Sports / Golf
eaglshta=Sports / Golf
earthjkr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ebases=Sports / Baseball
ecofghta=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
ecofghtr=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
edf=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
edfu=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
edrandy=Fighter / 2D
edrandy1=Fighter / 2D
edrandyj=Fighter / 2D
eggor=Maze / Shooter Small
eggs=Maze
eggvent7=Shooter / Gun
eggventr=Shooter / Gun
eggvntdx=Shooter / Gun
ehrgeiz=Fighter / Versus
ehrgeiza=Fighter / Versus
eightfrc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
eightman=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
einnings=Sports / Baseball
ejanhs=Tabletop / Mahjong
ejihon=Misc.
elandore=Unplayable
elecyoy2=Maze
elecyoyo=Maze
elevatob=Platform / Shooter
elevator=Platform / Shooter
elim2=Shooter / Field
elim2a=Shooter / Field
elim4=Shooter / Field
elvact2u=Platform / Shooter
elvactr=Platform / Shooter
elvactrj=Platform / Shooter
embargo=Maze / Surround
emeralda=Puzzle / Drop
emerldaa=Puzzle / Drop
empcity=Shooter / 1st Person
empcityj=Shooter / 1st Person
empcityu=Shooter / 1st Person
endurob2=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
endurobl=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
enduror=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
enduror1=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
enforce=Shooter / Driving 1st Person
enigma2=Shooter / Gallery
enigma2a=Shooter / Gallery
eprom=Maze / Shooter Large
eprom2=Maze / Shooter Large
equites=Shooter / Walking
equitess=Shooter / Walking
ertictac=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
esb=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
esckids=Sports / Track & Field
espial=Shooter / Flying Vertical
espiale=Shooter / Flying Vertical
esprade=Shooter / Flying Vertical
espradej=Shooter / Flying Vertical
espradeo=Shooter / Flying Vertical
eswat=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
eswatbl=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
eswatj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
eswatu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
eto=Puzzle / Drop
euroch92=Sports / Soccer
evilston=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
evosocc=Sports / Soccer
excelsr=Shooter / Field *Mature*
excitbkj=Driving / Race Bike
excitebk=Driving / Race Bike
excthour=Wrestling
exctleag=Sports / Baseball
exctscc2=Sports / Soccer
exctscca=Sports / Soccer
exctsccb=Sports / Soccer
exctsccr=Sports / Soccer
exedexes=Shooter / Flying Vertical
exerion=Shooter / Gallery
exerionb=Shooter / Gallery
exeriont=Shooter / Gallery
exerizrb=Shooter / Gallery
exodus=Shooter / Gallery
explbrkr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
explorer=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
exprrada=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
exprraid=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
extdwnhl=Sports / Skiing
exterm=Shooter / 3rd Person
extrmatn=Shooter / Walking
exvania=Maze / Fighter
exzisus=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
eyes=Maze
eyes2=Maze
f15se=Unplayable
f1dream=Driving / Race
f1dreamb=Driving / Race
f1en=Driving / Race (chase view)
f1gp=Driving / Race
f1gp2=Driving / Race
f1gpstar=Driving / Race (chase view)
f1gpstr2=Driving / Race (chase view)
f1lap=Unplayable
f1superb=Unplayable
fa=Shooter / Flying Vertical
faceoff=Sports / Hockey
falcon=Shooter / Gallery
falcona=Shooter / Gallery
fantasia=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
fantasy=Misc.
fantasyj=Misc.
fantasyu=Misc.
fantazia=Shooter / Gallery
fantjour=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
fantland=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
fantlnda=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
fantsia2=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
fantsy95=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
fantzn2=Shooter / Flying
fantzon1=Shooter / Flying
fantzone=Shooter / Flying
farmer=Maze / Fighter
farwest=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
fastfred=Sports / Hang Gliding
fastlane=Maze / Driving
fatfursa=Fighter / Versus
fatfursp=Fighter / Versus
fatfurwa=Unplayable
fatfury1=Fighter / Versus
fatfury2=Fighter / Versus
fatfury3=Fighter / Versus
fax=Quiz / English
faxa=Quiz / English
fbfrenzy=Sports / Football Amer.
fcombat=Shooter / Gallery
feversos=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ffantasa=Fighter / Versus
ffantasy=Fighter / Versus
ffight=Fighter / 2.5D
ffightj=Fighter / 2.5D
ffightj1=Fighter / 2.5D
ffightu=Fighter / 2.5D
ffreveng=Fighter / Versus
fghtatck=Shooter / Flying Vertical
fghtbskt=Sports / Basketball
fghthist=Fighter / Versus
fghthsta=Fighter / Versus
fghthstw=Fighter / Versus
fgoal=Breakout
fgoala=Breakout
fgtlayer=Fighter / Versus
fhawk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
fhawkj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
fhboxers=Sports / Boxing
fieldday=Sports / Track & Field
fightfev=Fighter / Versus
fightfva=Fighter / Versus
fightrol=Fighter / Vertical
finalap2=Driving / Race (chase view)
finalap3=Driving / Race (chase view)
finalapc=Driving / Race (chase view)
finalapd=Driving / Race (chase view)
finalapr=Unplayable
finalb=Sports / Boxing
finalbj=Sports / Boxing
finalbny=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
finalbu=Sports / Boxing
finalizb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
finalizr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
finallap=Driving / Race (chase view)
finalp2j=Driving / Race (chase view)
finalp3j=Driving / Race (chase view)
finalttr=Puzzle / Drop
findlove=Unplayable
findout=Quiz / Italian
finehour=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
finlapjb=Driving / Race (chase view)
finlapjc=Driving / Race (chase view)
finlarch=Sports / Baseball
firebarr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
firebatl=Shooter / Flying Vertical
firehawk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
fireone=Shooter / Gallery
fireshrk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
firetpbl=Climbing
firetrap=Climbing
firetrk=Driving
fitegol2=Sports / Golf
fitegolf=Sports / Golf
fitfight=Fighter / Versus
fitter=Maze
fixeighb=Shooter / Walking
fixeight=Shooter / Walking
fjbuster=Fighter / Versus
flashgal=Fighter / 2D
flashgla=Fighter / 2D
flicky=Platform / Run Jump
flickyo=Platform / Run Jump
flipshot=Sports
flkatck=Shooter / Flying Vertical
flower=Shooter / Flying Vertical
flowerbl=Shooter / Flying Vertical
flstory=Platform / Run Jump
flstoryj=Platform / Run Jump
flyball=Sports / Baseball
flyboy=Sports / Hang Gliding
flyboyb=Sports / Hang Gliding
flytiger=Shooter / Flying Vertical
fncywld=Platform / Run Jump
fnkyfish=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
foodf=Fighter / Field
foodf2=Fighter / Field
foodfc=Fighter / Field
footchmp=Sports / Soccer
forcebrk=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
forgottn=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
formatz=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
fourtrax=Driving / Race (chase view)
fpoint=Puzzle / Drop
fpoint1=Puzzle / Drop
fpointbj=Puzzle / Drop
fpointbl=Puzzle / Drop
freekckb=Breakout
freekick=Breakout
freeze=Maze / Shooter Large
frenzy=Maze / Shooter Small
friskyt=Maze
friskyta=Maze
frogg=Maze
frogger=Maze
froggers=Maze
froggrmc=Maze
frogs=Misc.
frogseg1=Maze
frogseg2=Maze
fromanc2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
fromanc4=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
fromance=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
fromancr=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
frontlin=Shooter / Walking
fround=Sports / Boxing
froundl=Sports / Boxing
fshark=Shooter / Flying Vertical
fsharkbt=Shooter / Flying Vertical
fstarfrc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ftimpcta=Unplayable
ftsoccer=Sports / Soccer
fullthrl=Driving / Race (chase view)
funkybee=Shooter / Flying Vertical
funkyjet=Platform / Run Jump
funnymou=Platform / Run Jump
funybubl=Puzzle / Toss *Mature*
funystrp=Unplayable
futflash=Unplayable
futspy=Shooter / Flying Diagonal
fvipers=Unplayable
fx=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ga2=Fighter / 2.5D
ga2j=Fighter / 2.5D
ga2u=Fighter / 2.5D
gaia=Fighter / Versus
gaiapolj=Fighter / Vertical
gaiapols=Fighter / Vertical
gaiapolu=Fighter / Vertical
gaiden=Fighter / 2.5D
gakupara=Quiz / Japanese
gakusai=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
gakusai2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
gal10ren=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
galag88j=Shooter / Gallery
galaga=Shooter / Gallery
galaga3=Shooter / Gallery
galaga3a=Shooter / Gallery
galaga3m=Shooter / Gallery
galaga88=Shooter / Gallery
galagamk=Shooter / Gallery
galagamw=Shooter / Gallery
galagao=Shooter / Gallery
galap1=Shooter / Gallery
galap4=Shooter / Gallery
galapx=Shooter / Gallery
galaxiaj=Shooter / Gallery
galaxian=Shooter / Gallery
galaxyfg=Fighter / Versus
galaxygn=Shooter / Flying Vertical
galhustl=Sports / Pool *Mature*
galivan=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
galivan2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
galkaika=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
galkoku=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
gallag=Shooter / Gallery
gallop=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
galmedes=Shooter / Flying Vertical
galmidw=Shooter / Gallery
galmidwo=Shooter / Gallery
galpani2=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
galpani3=Unplayable
galpani4=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
galpania=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
galpanib=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
galpanic=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
galpanis=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
galpans2=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
galspnbl=Pinball *Mature*
galturbo=Shooter / Gallery
galxwar2=Shooter / Gallery
galxwars=Shooter / Gallery
galxwart=Shooter / Gallery
gametngk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gangonta=Misc. *Mature*
gangwarb=Fighter / 2.5D
gangwars=Fighter / 2.5D
ganryu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
gaplus=Shooter / Gallery
gaplusa=Shooter / Gallery
gapluso=Shooter / Gallery
gardia=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gardiab=Unplayable
garou=Fighter / Versus
garouo=Fighter / Versus
garoup=Fighter / Versus
garuka=Shooter / 3rd Person
garyoret=Shooter / Walking
gatedom1=Maze / Fighter
gatedoom=Maze / Fighter
gatsbee=Shooter / Gallery
gaun22p1=Maze / Shooter Large
gaun22pg=Maze / Shooter Large
gaun2pg1=Maze / Shooter Large
gaun2pj2=Maze / Shooter Large
gaun2pr3=Maze / Shooter Large
gaunt2=Maze / Shooter Large
gaunt22p=Maze / Shooter Large
gaunt2g=Maze / Shooter Large
gaunt2p=Maze / Shooter Large
gaunt2pg=Maze / Shooter Large
gaunt2pj=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntdl=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntg=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntgr3=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntgr6=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntgr8=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntj=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntj12=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntl12=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntleg=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntlet=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntr1=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntr2=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntr4=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntr5=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntr7=Maze / Shooter Large
gauntr9=Maze / Shooter Large
gaunts=Maze / Shooter Large
gaxeduel=Fighter / Versus
gberet=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
gberetb=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
gblchmp=Fighter / Versus
gbusters=Shooter / Walking
gcpinbal=Pinball
gdarius=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gdarius2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gdariusb=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gdfs=Shooter / Gun
geebee=Breakout
geebeeg=Breakout
gekiretu=Quiz / Japanese
gekirido=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gekitsui=Unplayable
gemini=Shooter / Flying Vertical
genix=Shooter / Gallery
genpeitd=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
gensitou=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
geostorm=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
getstar=Fighter / 2D
getstarb=Fighter / 2D
getstarj=Fighter / 2D
gfire2=Tabletop *Mature*
gforce2=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
gforce2j=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
gghost=Sports / Tennis
ggreats2=Sports / Golf
gground=Shooter / Walking
ghoshunt=Shooter / Gun
ghostb=Shooter / Walking
ghostb3=Shooter / Walking
ghostlop=Puzzle / Toss
ghouls=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
ghoulsu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
ghox=Breakout
ghunter=Shooter / 1st Person
gigandes=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gigasb=Breakout
gigasm2b=Breakout
gigawing=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gijoe=Shooter / 3rd Person
gijoej=Shooter / 3rd Person
gijoeu=Shooter / 3rd Person
gimeabrk=Sports / Pool
gingania=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
ginganin=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
ginkun=Mini-Games
gionbana=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
gladiatr=Fighter / 2D
glass=Shooter / Field *Mature*
glfgreat=Sports / Golf
glfgretj=Sports / Golf
gloc=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
glprac2j=Sports / Horse Racing
glprac2l=Sports / Horse Racing
glpracr=Sports / Horse Racing
glpracr2=Sports / Horse Racing
glpracr3=Sports / Horse Racing
gmahou=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gmgalax=Multiplay
gmissile=Shooter / Gallery
gnbarich=Breakout
gng=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
gnga=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
gngt=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
goal92=Sports / Soccer
goalx3=Sports / Soccer
godzilla=Fighter / Versus
gogomile=Maze
gogomilj=Maze
goindol=Breakout
goindolj=Breakout
goindolu=Breakout
gokuparo=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
goldbug=Maze / Digging
goldmeda=Sports / Track & Field
goldmedb=Sports / Track & Field
goldmedl=Sports / Track & Field
goldnabl=Fighter / 2.5D
goldnax1=Fighter / 2.5D
goldnax2=Fighter / 2.5D
goldnax3=Fighter / 2.5D
goldnaxe=Fighter / 2.5D
goldnaxj=Fighter / 2.5D
goldnaxu=Fighter / 2.5D
goldstar=Misc. Betting *Mature*
goldstbl=Misc. Betting *Mature*
golgo13=Misc.
gollygho=Shooter / Gun
gomoku=Tabletop / Renju
gondo=Shooter / Flying Vertical
goonies=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
gorf=Shooter / Gallery
gorfpgm1=Shooter / Gallery
gorkans=Maze
gotcha=Mini-Games
gotya=Maze
gowcaizr=Fighter / Versus
gp500=Unplayable
gpan2qiz=Unplayable
gpgolf=Sports / Golf
gpilots=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gprider=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
gprider1=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
gradius=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gradius2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gradius3=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gradius4=Unplayable
gratia=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gratiaa=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gravitar=Shooter / Field
gravitr2=Shooter / Field
gravp=Shooter / Field
grchamp=Driving / Race
grdforce=Shooter / Flying Vertical
grdians=Fighter / 2.5D
grdius2a=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
grdius2b=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
grdius3a=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
grdius3e=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
grdnstrm=Shooter / Flying Vertical
greatgun=Shooter / Gun
greatgur=Fighter / 2D
greenber=Unplayable
grescue=Maze / Shooter Small
gridiron=Sports / Football Amer.
gridlee=Shooter / Gallery
griffon=Shooter / Gallery
grindsta=Shooter / Flying Vertical
grindstm=Shooter / Flying Vertical
grndtour=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
grobda=Maze / Shooter Small
grobda2=Maze / Shooter Small
grobda3=Maze / Shooter Small
groovef=Fighter / Versus
groundfx=Driving / Race (chase view)
growl=Fighter / 2.5D
growlu=Fighter / 2.5D
grtwall=Unplayable
grudge=Driving / Race Track
gryzor=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
gs4002=Unplayable
gseeker=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gseekerj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gseekeru=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gslgr94u=Sports / Baseball
gslugrsj=Sports / Baseball
gstrik2=Sports / Soccer
gstriker=Sports / Soccer
gsword=Sports
gsword2=Sports
gt102b=Quiz / English
gt102c=Quiz / English
gt102c1=Quiz / English
gt102c2=Quiz / English
gt102c3=Quiz / English *Mature*
gt103=Quiz / English
gt103a=Quiz / English *Mature*
gt103a1=Quiz / English
gt103a2=Quiz / English
gt103a3=Unplayable
gt103aa=Quiz / English
gt103ab=Quiz / English
gt103asx=Quiz / English *Mature*
gt2k=Sports / Golf
gt2ks100=Sports / Golf
gt2kt500=Sports / Golf
gt3d=Sports / Golf
gt3dl191=Sports / Golf
gt3dl192=Sports / Golf
gt3ds192=Sports / Golf
gt3dt211=Sports / Golf
gt3dt231=Sports / Golf
gt3dv14=Sports / Golf
gt3dv15=Sports / Golf
gt3dv16=Sports / Golf
gt3dv17=Sports / Golf
gt3dv18=Sports / Golf
gt5=Quiz / English
gt507uk=Quiz / English
gt97=Sports / Golf
gt97s121=Sports / Golf
gt97t240=Sports / Golf
gt97v120=Sports / Golf
gt97v121=Sports / Golf
gt97v122=Sports / Golf
gt98=Sports / Golf
gt98s100=Sports / Golf
gt98t303=Sports / Golf
gt98v100=Sports / Golf
gt99=Sports / Golf
gt99s100=Sports / Golf
gt99t400=Sports / Golf
gtclassc=Sports / Golf
gtclassp=Sports / Golf
gtcls100=Sports / Golf
gteikob2=Shooter / Gallery
gteikokb=Shooter / Gallery
gteikoku=Shooter / Gallery
gtg=Sports / Golf
gtg2=Sports / Golf
gtg2j=Sports / Golf
gtg2t=Sports / Golf
gtgt=Sports / Golf
gticlub=Unplayable
gtmr=Driving / Race
gtmr2=Driving / Race
gtmr2a=Driving / Race
gtmr2u=Driving / Race
gtmre=Driving / Race
gtmrusa=Driving / Race
guardian=Fighter / 2.5D
guiness=Sports
gulfstr2=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
gulfstrm=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
gulfwar2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gumbo=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
gunball=Shooter / Walking
gunbird=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gunbird2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gunbirdj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gunbirdk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gunblade=Unplayable
gunbulet=Shooter / Gun
gunbustr=Shooter / Gun
gundamex=Fighter / Versus
gundeala=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
gundealr=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
gundealt=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
gundhara=Shooter / Walking
gundl94=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
gunfight=Shooter / Versus
gunforc2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
gunforce=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
gunforcj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
gunforcu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
gunfronj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gunfront=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gunhohki=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
gunlock=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gunmast=Fighter / Versus Co-op
gunnail=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gunpey=Unplayable
gunsmoka=Shooter / Walking
gunsmoke=Shooter / Walking
gunsmokj=Shooter / Walking
gunsmoku=Shooter / Walking
gururin=Puzzle / Drop
gussun=Unplayable
gutangtn=Puzzle / Sliding
gutsn=Puzzle
guwange=Shooter / Walking
guzzler=Maze
gwar=Shooter / Walking
gwara=Shooter / Walking
gwarb=Shooter / Walking
gwarj=Shooter / Walking
gwarrior=Fighter / Versus
gwinga=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gwingj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gypsyjug=Ball & Paddle
gyrodinc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gyrodine=Shooter / Flying Vertical
gyruss=Shooter / Gallery
gyrussce=Shooter / Gallery
hachamf=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
hachoo=Fighter / 2.5D
hal21=Shooter / Flying Vertical
hal21j=Shooter / Flying Vertical
halleycj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
halleys=Shooter / Flying Vertical
halleysc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
hanaawas=Tabletop / Hanafuda
hanagumi=Puzzle / Drop
hanakanz=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
hanamai=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
hanamomo=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
hanaoji=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
hanaroku=Tabletop / Hanafuda
hangly=Maze
hangly2=Maze
hangly3=Maze
hangman=Quiz / English
hangon=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
hangonjr=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
harddrb5=Driving / 1st Person
harddrb6=Driving / 1st Person
harddrc1=Driving / 1st Person
harddrcb=Driving / 1st Person
harddrcg=Driving / 1st Person
harddrg4=Driving / 1st Person
harddriv=Driving / 1st Person
harddrj6=Driving / 1st Person
harddrv1=Driving / 1st Person
harddrv2=Driving / 1st Person
harddrv3=Driving / 1st Person
harddrvb=Driving / 1st Person
harddrvc=Driving / 1st Person
harddrvg=Driving / 1st Person
harddrvj=Driving / 1st Person
harddunj=Sports / Basketball
harddunk=Sports / Basketball
hardhat=Maze
hardhea2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
hardhead=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
hardhedb=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
hardyard=Sports / Football Amer.
hardyd10=Sports / Football Amer.
harem=Unplayable
harley=Unplayable
hasamu=Puzzle / Match
hatena=Quiz / Japanese
hatris=Puzzle / Drop
hattrick=Sports / Hockey
hayaosi1=Quiz / Japanese
hbarrel=Shooter / Walking
hbarrelw=Shooter / Walking
hcastle=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
hcastlej=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
hcastleo=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
hcastljo=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
hcrash=Driving / Race (chase view)
hcrashc=Driving / Race (chase view)
hdrivaip=Driving / 1st Person
hdrivair=Driving / 1st Person
headon=Maze / Driving
headon2=Maze / Driving
headonb=Maze / Driving
headoni=Maze / Driving
heartatk=Maze
heatbrl=Shooter / Walking
heatbrlo=Shooter / Walking
heatbrlu=Shooter / Walking
heberpop=Puzzle / Drop
hedpanic=Platform / Run Jump
heiankyo=Maze
helifira=Shooter / Gallery
helifire=Shooter / Gallery
hellfir1=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
hellfire=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
herbiedk=Sports / Track & Field
hero=Maze
herodk=Maze
herodku=Maze
hexa=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
hexion=Puzzle / Drop
hexpool=Sports / Pool
hgkairak=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
hharry=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
hharryu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
hidnctch=Unplayable
higemaru=Maze
highspla=Shooter / Gallery
highsplt=Shooter / Gallery
hiimpac3=Sports / Football Amer.
hiimpacp=Sports / Football Amer.
hiimpact=Sports / Football Amer.
hippodrm=Fighter / Versus
hiryuken=Fighter / Versus
hishouza=Shooter / Flying Vertical
histryma=Fighter / Versus
hitice=Sports / Hockey
hitme=Casino
hitnmis2=Shooter / Gun
hitnmiss=Shooter / Gun
hkagerou=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
hmcompm2=Rhythm
hmcompmx=Rhythm
hnayayoi=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
hncholms=Sports / Track & Field
hnfubuki=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
hng64=BIOS
hnkochou=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
hnoridur=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
hoccer=Sports / Hockey
hoccer2=Sports / Hockey
hogalley=Shooter / Gun
holeland=Shooter / Gallery
holo=Fighter / Versus
homerun=Sports / Baseball
homo=Breakout
hook=Fighter / 2.5D
hookj=Fighter / 2.5D
hooku=Fighter / 2.5D
hoops96=Sports / Basketball
hopmappy=Platform / Run Jump
hopprobo=Platform / Run Jump
horekid=Maze
horekidb=Maze
horizon=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
horshoes=Sports / Horseshoes
hotblock=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
hotbubl=Puzzle / Toss *Mature*
hotchase=Driving / Race (chase view)
hotd=Unplayable
hotdebut=Quiz / Japanese
hotdogst=Shooter / Flying Vertical
hotgmck=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
hotgmck3=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
hotmemry=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
hotmind=Puzzle
hotpinbl=Pinball *Mature*
hotrod=Driving / Race
hotroda=Driving / Race
hotrodj=Driving / Race
hotshock=Maze
hotsmash=Sports
hourouki=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
housemn2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
housemnq=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
hpolym84=Sports / Track & Field
hpuncher=Sports / Boxing
hstenn10=Sports / Tennis
hstennis=Sports / Tennis
htchctch=Puzzle / Toss
hthero=Sports / Soccer
hthero93=Sports / Soccer
hthero94=Sports / Soccer
hthero95=Sports / Soccer
hthro95u=Sports / Soccer
hunchbak=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
hunchbkd=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
hunchbkg=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
hunchbks=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
huncholy=Sports / Track & Field
hustle=Maze / Surround
hustler=Sports / Pool
hustlerb=Sports / Pool
hvnsgate=Fighter / Versus
hvoltage=Shooter / Command
hvymetal=Shooter / Driving Vertical
hvysmsh=Unplayable
hwchamp=Sports / Boxing
hwrace=Driving / Race
hydra=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
hydrap=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
hydrap2=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
hyhoo=Quiz / Japanese *Mature*
hyhoo2=Quiz / Japanese *Mature*
hyouban=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
hyperath=Sports / Track & Field
hyperpac=Maze
hyperpcb=Maze
hyperspt=Sports / Track & Field
hyprdelj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
hyprdriv=Driving / Race (chase view)
hyprduel=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
hypreac2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
hypreact=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
hyprolyb=Sports / Track & Field
hyprolym=Sports / Track & Field
hypsptsp=Sports / Track & Field
iceclimb=Platform / Run Jump
iceclmbj=Platform / Run Jump
iceclmrj=Platform / Run Jump
ichidant=Mini-Games
ichidntb=Mini-Games
ichidnte=Mini-Games
idhimitu=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
idolmj=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
idsoccer=Sports / Soccer
iemoto=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
iemotom=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
iganinju=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
igmo=Maze / Shooter Small
igpoker=Unplayable
ikari=Shooter / Walking
ikari3=Shooter / Walking
ikarijp=Shooter / Walking
ikarijpb=Shooter / Walking
ikki=Maze / Fighter
imago=Shooter / Gallery
imekura=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
imgfight=Shooter / Flying Vertical
imsorry=Maze
imsorryj=Maze
inca=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
indy500=Unplayable
indyheat=Driving / Race Track
indytem2=Maze / Fighter
indytem3=Maze / Fighter
indytem4=Maze / Fighter
indytemd=Maze / Fighter
indytemp=Maze / Fighter
inferno=Maze / Shooter Small
insector=Shooter / Field
insectx=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
intcup94=Sports / Soccer
inthunt=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
inthuntu=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
intrepi2=Maze
intrepid=Maze
introdon=Quiz / Japanese
inufuku=Quiz / Japanese
invad2ct=Shooter / Gallery
invaddlx=Shooter / Gallery
invader4=Shooter / Gallery
invaderl=Shooter / Gallery
invaders=Shooter / Gallery
invadpt2=Shooter / Gallery
invadrmr=Shooter / Gallery
invasion=Shooter / Gallery
invasn=Unplayable
invds=Multiplay
invho2=Multiplay
invinco=Shooter / Gallery
invrvnga=Shooter / Gallery
invrvnge=Shooter / Gallery
ipminvad=Shooter / Gallery
iqblock=Puzzle / Drop
irobot=Shooter / Misc.
ironhors=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
irrmaze=Maze
ixion=Shooter / Field
jack=Climbing
jack2=Climbing
jack3=Climbing
jackal=Shooter / Driving Vertical
jackalj=Shooter / Driving Vertical
jackrab2=Platform / Run Jump
jackrabs=Platform / Run Jump
jackrabt=Platform / Run Jump
jailbrek=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
jajamaru=Platform / Shooter
janbari=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
janjans1=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
janshin=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
jantouki=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
jchan=Unplayable
jchan2=Unplayable
jcross=Driving / Race Bike
jdredd=Shooter / Gun
jdreddb=Shooter / Gun
jdreddp=Fighter / 3D
jedi=Shooter / Driving Diagonal
jgakuen=Fighter / Versus
jigkmgri=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
jin=Puzzle / Outline
jitsupro=Sports / Baseball
jituroku=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
jjack=Platform / Run Jump
jjparad2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
jjparads=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
jjsquawk=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
jleague=Sports / Soccer
jockeygp=Misc. Betting
joemac=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
joemacr=Platform / Run Jump
joemacra=Platform / Run Jump
jogakuen=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
joinem=Maze
jojo=Unplayable
jojoba=Unplayable
jojobaa=Unplayable
jollycrd=Misc. Betting
jollypkr=Unplayable
jongbou=Breakout *Mature*
josvolly=Sports / Volleyball
journey=Maze
joust=Platform / Run Jump
joust2=Platform / Run Jump
joustr=Platform / Run Jump
joustwr=Platform / Run Jump
joyfulr=Driving
joyjoy=Puzzle / Drop
joyman=Maze
jpark=Shooter / 1st Person
jrpacman=Maze
jrpacmbl=Maze
jsk=Tabletop / Shougi
jspecter=Shooter / Gallery
jspectr2=Shooter / Gallery
jumpbug=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
jumpbugb=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
jumpcoas=Platform / Run Jump
jumpcoat=Platform / Run Jump
jumping=Platform / Run Jump
jumpkids=Platform / Run Jump
jumppop=Platform / Run Jump
jumpshot=Sports / Basketball
jumpshtp=Sports / Basketball
jungleh=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
junglek=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
jungler=Maze / Shooter Small
junglers=Maze / Shooter Small
junglhbr=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
junglkj2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
junofrst=Shooter / Gallery
junofstg=Shooter / Gallery
kabukikl=Fighter / Versus
kabukiz=Fighter / 2.5D
kabukizj=Fighter / 2.5D
kageki=Fighter / Versus
kagekij=Fighter / Versus
kaguya=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
kaguya2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
kaguya2f=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
kaiserkj=Fighter / Versus
kaiserkn=Fighter / Versus
kaitei=Misc.
kaiteids=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
kaiteik=Misc.
kakumei=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
kakumei2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
kamenrid=Driving
kamikaze=Shooter / Gallery
kamikcab=Maze / Driving
kanatuen=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
kangaroa=Platform / Run Jump
kangarob=Platform / Run Jump
kangaroo=Platform / Run Jump
kaos=Platform / Run Jump
karatblj=Fighter / 2.5D
karatblu=Fighter / 2.5D
karatblz=Fighter / 2.5D
karatedo=Fighter / Versus
karatevs=Fighter / Versus
karatour=Fighter / Versus
karianx=Puzzle / Drop
karnov=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
karnovj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
karnovr=Fighter / Versus
kbash=Fighter / Versus Co-op
kchamp=Fighter / Versus
kchampvs=Fighter / Versus
kdeadeye=Unplayable
keithlcy=Quiz / Japanese
kengo=Fighter / 2D
kick=Ball & Paddle
kicka=Ball & Paddle
kickboy=Maze / Shooter Small
kicker=Platform / Fighter
kickgoal=Sports / Soccer
kicknrun=Sports / Soccer
kickoff=Sports / Soccer
kickridr=Driving / Race Bike
kidniki=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
kikaioh=Fighter / Versus
kikcubib=Puzzle / Maze
kikcubic=Puzzle / Maze
kikikai=Shooter / Walking
kikstart=Driving / Race Bike
killbld=Unplayable
killcom=Shooter / Field
kingbalj=Shooter / Gallery
kingball=Shooter / Gallery
kingdmgp=Shooter / Flying Vertical
kingofb=Sports / Boxing
kinst=Fighter / Versus
kinst13=Fighter / Versus
kinst14=Fighter / Versus
kinst2=Fighter / Versus
kinst210=Fighter / Versus
kinst211=Fighter / Versus
kinst213=Fighter / Versus
kinst2k=Fighter / Versus
kinstp=Fighter / Versus
kirameki=Quiz / Japanese
kirarast=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
kisekaeh=Unplayable
kisekaem=Unplayable
kittenk=Puzzle
kiwame=Tabletop / Mahjong
kiwames=Tabletop / Mahjong
kizuna=Fighter / Versus
klax=Puzzle / Drop
klax2=Puzzle / Drop
klax3=Puzzle / Drop
klaxd=Puzzle / Drop
klaxj=Puzzle / Drop
klaxp1=Puzzle / Drop
klaxp2=Puzzle / Drop
knckhead=Fighter / Versus
knckhedj=Fighter / Versus
kncljoe=Platform / Fighter
kncljoea=Platform / Fighter
kngtmare=Misc.
knights=Fighter / 2.5D
knightsj=Fighter / 2.5D
knightsu=Fighter / 2.5D
knockout=Maze / Outline
kod=Fighter / 2.5D
kodb=Fighter / 2.5D
kodj=Fighter / 2.5D
kodu=Fighter / 2.5D
kodure=Fighter / 2.5D
kof2000=Fighter / Versus
kof2000n=Fighter / Versus
kof2001=Fighter / Versus
kof2001h=Fighter / Versus
kof2002=Fighter / Versus
kof94=Fighter / Versus
kof95=Fighter / Versus
kof95a=Fighter / Versus
kof96=Fighter / Versus
kof96h=Fighter / Versus
kof97=Fighter / Versus
kof97a=Fighter / Versus
kof97pls=Fighter / Versus
kof98=Fighter / Versus
kof98k=Fighter / Versus
kof98n=Fighter / Versus
kof99=Fighter / Versus
kof99a=Fighter / Versus
kof99e=Fighter / Versus
kof99n=Fighter / Versus
kof99p=Fighter / Versus
koikois2=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
koinomp=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
konami88=Sports / Track & Field
konamigt=Driving / Race 1st Person
konamigv=BIOS
konamigx=BIOS
kopunch=Misc.
korinai=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
korinaim=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
korokoro=Misc. Betting
korosuke=Maze
koshien=Sports / Baseball
kothello=Tabletop / Othello
kotm=Fighter / Versus
kotm2=Fighter / Multiplay
kotmh=Fighter / Versus
kouyakyu=Sports / Baseball
kov=Fighter / 2.5D
kov115=Fighter / 2.5D
kovj=Fighter / 2.5D
kovplus=Fighter / 2.5D
kovplusa=Fighter / 2.5D
kovsh=Fighter / 2.5D
kram=Maze
kram2=Maze
kram3=Maze
kroozr=Shooter / Field
krull=Shooter / Field
krzybowl=Sports / Bowling
ksayakyu=Sports / Baseball
ktiger=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ktiger2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
kuhga=Shooter / Flying Vertical
kungfub=Fighter / 2D
kungfub2=Fighter / 2D
kungfud=Fighter / 2D
kungfum=Fighter / 2D
kungfut=Puzzle / Match
kungfuta=Puzzle / Match
kuniokub=Fighter / 2.5D
kuniokun=Fighter / 2.5D
kurikina=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
kurikinj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
kurikint=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
kurikinu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
kyros=Fighter / Vertical
kyrosj=Fighter / Vertical
kyuhito=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
kyukaidk=Sports / Baseball
kyukaido=Sports / Baseball
kyustrkr=Sports / Soccer
labyrunk=Shooter / Walking
labyrunr=Shooter / Walking
ladybgb2=Maze
ladybug=Maze
ladybugb=Maze
ladybugg=Maze
ladyfrog=Maze
ladygolf=Sports / Golf
ladykill=Misc. *Mature*
lagunar=Driving / Race
landbrk=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
landbrka=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
landgear=Unplayable
landmakr=Puzzle / Toss
landmkrp=Puzzle / Toss
laser=Shooter / Gallery
laserbas=Unplayable
laserbsa=Unplayable
lasso=Misc.
lastblad=Fighter / Versus
lastbld2=Fighter / Versus
lastblda=Fighter / Versus
lastbrnj=Unplayable
lastbrnx=Unplayable
lastday=Shooter / Flying Vertical
lastdaya=Shooter / Flying Vertical
lastduel=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
lastfero=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
lastforg=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
lastfort=Puzzle / Match
lastmisn=Shooter / Field
lastmsnj=Shooter / Field
lastmsno=Shooter / Field
lazercmd=Maze / Shooter Small
lbgrande=Sports / Soccer
lbowling=Sports / Bowling
lckywldj=Driving / Race 1st Person
ldrun=Platform / Run Jump
ldrun2=Platform / Run Jump
ldrun3=Platform / Run Jump
ldrun3jp=Platform / Run Jump
ldrun4=Platform / Run Jump
ldruna=Platform / Run Jump
le2=Shooter / Gun
le2j=Shooter / Gun
le2u=Shooter / Gun
leaguemn=Fighter / 2.5D
ledstorm=Driving / Race
legend=Fighter / 2D
legendos=Fighter / Versus
legion=Shooter / Flying Vertical
legionna=Fighter / 2.5D
legionnu=Fighter / 2.5D
legiono=Shooter / Flying Vertical
legofair=Shooter / Flying Vertical
lemans24=Unplayable
lemmings=Puzzle
lemnangl=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
leprechn=Misc.
leprechp=Misc.
lethalej=Shooter / Gun
lethalen=Shooter / Gun
lethalj=Shooter / Gun
lethalth=Shooter / Flying Vertical
levers=Platform / Run Jump
lghost=Shooter / 1st Person
lghostu=Shooter / 1st Person
lgtnfght=Shooter / Flying Vertical
lgtnfghu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
lhb=Unplayable
liberat2=Shooter / Command
liberatb=Shooter / Flying
liberate=Shooter / Flying
liberatr=Shooter / Command
liblrabl=Misc.
lifefrce=Shooter / Flying
lifefrcj=Shooter / Flying
lightbr=Maze / Fighter
liquidk=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
liquidku=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
lithero=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
livegal=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
lizwiz=Shooter / Field
lkage=Fighter / 2D
lkageb=Fighter / 2D
lkageb2=Fighter / 2D
lkageb3=Fighter / 2D
llander=Misc.
llander1=Misc.
lnc=Maze
lockload=Shooter / Gun
lockon=Unplayable
locomotn=Puzzle / Sliding
loderdfa=Platform / Run Jump
loderndf=Platform / Run Jump
loffire=Shooter / 1st Person
loffirej=Shooter / 1st Person
loffireu=Shooter / 1st Person
logger=Platform / Run Jump
logicpr2=Puzzle
logicpro=Puzzle
loht=Fighter / 2D
lomakai=Fighter / 2D
looper=Maze
looping=Shooter / Flying
loopinga=Shooter / Flying
lordgun=Unplayable
lordofk=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
losttmbh=Maze / Shooter Small
losttomb=Maze / Shooter Small
lostwrld=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
lostwsga=Unplayable
lotlot=Puzzle
lottof2=Misc. Betting
lottofun=Misc. Betting
lovehous=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
lrescue=Maze / Shooter Small
lresort=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
lsasquad=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
lstduela=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
lstduelb=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
ltcasin2=Casino
ltcasino=Casino
lucky8=Misc. Betting *Mature*
luckywld=Driving / Race 1st Person
luctoday=Misc. Betting
lunarba1=Shooter / Field
lunarbat=Shooter / Field
lupin3=Maze
luplup=Unplayable
luplup29=Puzzle / Toss *Mature*
lvcards=Casino *Mature*
lvgirl94=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
lvpoker=Misc. Betting *Mature*
lwings=Shooter / Flying Vertical
lwings2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
lwingsjp=Shooter / Flying Vertical
m4=Shooter / Versus
m660=Shooter / Flying Vertical
m660b=Shooter / Flying Vertical
m660j=Shooter / Flying Vertical
m79amb=Shooter / Gallery
mace=Fighter / Versus
mach3=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
machbrkr=Sports / Track & Field
machomou=Maze / Outline
machridj=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
machridr=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
macross=Shooter / Flying Vertical
macross2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
macrossp=Shooter / Flying Vertical
macsbios=BIOS
madalien=Shooter / Gallery
madcrash=Shooter / Driving Diagonal
maddonna=Maze / Shooter Small *Mature*
maddonnb=Maze / Shooter Small *Mature*
madgear=Driving / Race
madgearj=Driving / Race
madmotor=Fighter / 2.5D
madshark=Shooter / Flying Vertical
magdrop=Puzzle / Toss
magdrop2=Puzzle / Toss
magdrop3=Puzzle / Toss
magdropp=Puzzle / Toss
magicbub=Puzzle / Toss
magiccrd=Misc. Betting
magix=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
maglord=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
maglordh=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
magmax=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
magspot=Shooter / Gallery
magspot2=Shooter / Gallery
magworm=Shooter / Gallery
mahmajn=Tabletop / Mahjong
mahmajn2=Tabletop / Mahjong
mahoudai=Shooter / Flying Vertical
mahretsu=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
maiko=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
mainev2p=Wrestling
mainevt=Wrestling
mainevto=Wrestling
mainsnk=Wrestling
majest12=Shooter / Gallery
majs101b=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
majtitl2=Sports / Golf
majtitle=Sports / Golf
majuu=Shooter / Walking
makaiden=Fighter / 2D
makaimuc=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
makaimug=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
makaimur=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
maketrax=Maze
maketrxb=Maze
makyosen=Shooter / Flying Vertical
malzak=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
malzak2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
manhatan=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
maniach=Wrestling
maniach2=Wrestling
maniacsp=Puzzle / Drop
maniacsq=Puzzle / Drop
manxtt=Unplayable
manybloc=Puzzle / Drop
mappy=Platform / Run Jump
mappyj=Platform / Run Jump
marble=Maze
marble2=Maze
marble3=Maze
marble4=Maze
marineb=Misc.
marinedt=Maze
mariner=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
mario=Platform / Run Jump
mariojp=Platform / Run Jump
markham=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mars=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
maruchan=Unplayable
marukin=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
marukodq=Quiz / Japanese
marvins=Maze
marvland=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
marvlanj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
masao=Platform / Run Jump
masterw=Shooter / Flying Vertical
mastkin=Fighter / 2D
matchit=Puzzle / Match
matmania=Wrestling
matrim=Fighter / Versus
mausuke=Puzzle / Drop
maxaflex=BIOS
maxf_102=Shooter / Gun
maxforce=Shooter / Gun
maxrpm=Driving / Race (chase view)
maya=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
mayday=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
maydaya=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
maydayb=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mayhem=Sports
mayjinsn=Unplayable
mayjisn2=Tabletop / Shougi
mayumi=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
maze=Maze
mazerbla=Shooter / 1st Person
mazinger=Shooter / Flying Vertical
mblkjack=Casino
mbomberj=Wrestling
mbombrd=Wrestling
mbombrdj=Wrestling
mbrush=Maze
mcatadv=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mcatadvj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mchampdx=Multiplay *Mature*
mcitylov=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mcnpshnt=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mcontest=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mdhorse=Quiz / Japanese
mechatt=Shooter / Gun
mechattu=Shooter / Gun
medlanes=Sports / Bowling
megab=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
megabj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
megadon=Shooter / Field
megaforc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
megaman=Fighter / Versus Co-op
megaman2=Fighter / Versus Co-op
megamn2a=Fighter / Versus Co-op
megaplay=BIOS
megatack=Shooter / Gallery
megatech=BIOS
megaznik=Shooter / Driving Vertical
megazona=Shooter / Driving Vertical
megazonb=Shooter / Driving Vertical
megazonc=Shooter / Driving Vertical
megazone=Shooter / Driving Vertical
meijinsn=Unplayable
meikyuh=Shooter / Walking
meosism=Misc.
mercs=Shooter / Walking
mercsj=Shooter / Walking
mercsu=Shooter / Walking
mercsua=Shooter / Walking
merlinmm=Maze
mermaid=Sports
metafox=Shooter / Flying Vertical
metalb=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
metalbj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
metamrph=Fighter / 2.5D
metamrpj=Fighter / 2.5D
meteor=Shooter / Field
meteorts=Shooter / Field
metlclsh=Fighter / Misc.
metlhawk=Shooter / Flying
metlhwkj=Shooter / Flying
metmqstr=Fighter / Versus Co-op
metrocra=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
metrocrs=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
mexico86=Sports / Soccer
mf_achas=Shooter / Field
mf_bdash=Maze / Digging
mf_brist=Platform / Run Jump
mf_flip=Platform / Run Jump
mfjump=Platform / Run Jump
mfunclub=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mgakuen=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mgakuen2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mgcldate=Mini-Games
mgcldtex=Mini-Games
mgcrystj=Maze / Shooter Large
mgcrystl=Maze / Shooter Large
mgion=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
mgmen89=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mgolf=Sports / Golf
mhavoc=Shooter / Misc.
mhavoc2=Shooter / Misc.
mhavocp=Shooter / Misc.
mhavocrv=Shooter / Misc.
mhgaiden=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mhhonban=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mia=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mia2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
miaj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
midnrun=Unplayable
midres=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
midresj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
midresu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
miexchng=Puzzle / Toss
mightguy=Fighter / Vertical
mightybj=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
mikie=Misc.
mikiehs=Misc.
mikiej=Misc.
milliped=Shooter / Gallery
millpac=Shooter / Gallery
mimonkey=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mimonsco=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mimonscr=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
minasan=Tabletop / Mahjong
minefld=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
minesw4p=Maze / Surround
mineswpr=Maze / Surround
minferno=Shooter / Gallery
minigol2=Sports / Golf
minigolf=Sports / Golf
minivadr=Shooter / Gallery
mirninja=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
misncrft=Shooter / Flying Vertical
missb2=Platform / Run Jump *Mature*
missile=Shooter / Command
missile2=Shooter / Command
missmw96=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
missw96=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
mizubaku=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mj4simai=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjanbari=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjangels=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjcamera=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjcamerb=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjchuuka=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjclinic=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjderngr=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjdialq2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjdiplob=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjegolf=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjelct3=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjelct3a=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjelctrn=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjfocus=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjfocusm=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjfriday=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjgottsu=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjgottub=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjhokite=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjifb=Unplayable
mjikaga=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjkinjas=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjkjidai=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjkoiura=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjkojink=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjlaman=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjleague=Sports / Baseball
mjlstory=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjnanpaa=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjnanpas=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjnanpau=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjnatsu=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjnquesb=Tabletop / Mahjong
mjnquest=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjreach1=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjsikakb=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjsikakc=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjsikakd=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjsikaku=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjsister=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjuraden=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjyougo=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjyuugi=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjyuugia=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mjzoomin=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mk=Fighter / Versus
mk2=Fighter / Versus
mk2chal=Fighter / Versus
mk2r14=Fighter / Versus
mk2r21=Fighter / Versus
mk2r32=Fighter / Versus
mk2r42=Fighter / Versus
mk2r91=Fighter / Versus
mk3=Fighter / Versus
mk3r10=Fighter / Versus
mk3r20=Fighter / Versus
mk4=Fighter / Versus
mkeibaou=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mkla1=Fighter / Versus
mkla2=Fighter / Versus
mkla3=Fighter / Versus
mkla4=Fighter / Versus
mkoiuraa=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mkprot9=Fighter / Versus
mkr4=Fighter / Versus
mkyawdim=Fighter / Versus
mladyhtr=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mmaiko=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
mmatrix=Shooter / Flying Vertical
mmatrixj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
mmaulers=Fighter / Versus Co-op
mmaze=Maze / Shooter Large
mmcamera=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mmehyou=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mmonkey=Puzzle
mmpanic=Misc.
mmsikaku=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mnchmobl=Driving
mnight=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
moegonta=Misc. *Mature*
mofflott=Maze / Driving
moguchan=Maze
mogura=Misc.
mole=Misc.
momoko=Platform / Run Jump
monkeyd=Platform / Run Jump
monster2=Platform / Shooter
monsterb=Platform / Shooter
montecar=Driving / Race
monymony=Maze
monzagp=Unplayable
moo=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
moobl=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
moonal2=Shooter / Gallery
moonal2b=Shooter / Gallery
moonaln=Shooter / Gallery
moonbase=Shooter / Gallery
mooncrgx=Shooter / Gallery
mooncrs2=Shooter / Gallery
mooncrsa=Shooter / Gallery
mooncrsb=Shooter / Gallery
mooncrsg=Shooter / Gallery
mooncrst=Shooter / Gallery
mooncrsu=Shooter / Gallery
moonqsr=Shooter / Gallery
moonwar=Shooter / Flying
moonwara=Shooter / Flying
mooua=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
moremore=Mini-Games
moremorp=Mini-Games
mosaic=Puzzle / Drop
mosaica=Puzzle / Drop
mosyougi=Tabletop / Shougi
motofren=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
motofrft=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
motofrmd=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
motomdft=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
motorace=Driving / Race Bike
motos=Puzzle
mouja=Puzzle / Drop
mouser=Maze
mouserc=Maze
mp_bio=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mp_gaxe2=Fighter / 2.5D
mp_gslam=Unplayable
mp_mazin=Unplayable
mp_soni2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
mp_sonic=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
mp_sor2=Fighter / 2.5D
mp_twc=Sports / Soccer
mpangj=Shooter / Gallery
mpatrol=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
mpatrolw=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
mplanets=Shooter / Field
mplanuk=Shooter / Field
mquake=Unplayable
mrdo=Maze / Digging
mrdofix=Maze / Digging
mrdot=Maze / Digging
mrdoy=Maze / Digging
mrdrillr=Puzzle
mrdrilr2=Puzzle
mrdu=Maze / Digging
mrflea=Platform / Run Jump
mrgoemon=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mrheli=Shooter / Flying
mrjong=Puzzle / Maze
mrkougar=Platform / Run Jump
mrkougb=Platform / Run Jump
mrkougb2=Platform / Run Jump
mrkougr2=Platform / Run Jump
mrlo=Maze / Digging
mrokumei=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mrtnt=Maze
mrviking=Shooter / Walking
mrvikngj=Shooter / Walking
ms4plus=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
msbingo=Puzzle / Sliding *Mature*
mschamp=Maze
mscoutm=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
msgunda1=Fighter / Versus
msgundam=Fighter / Versus
msh=Fighter / Versus
msha=Fighter / Versus
mshb=Fighter / Versus
mshh=Fighter / Versus
mshj=Fighter / Versus
mshjr1=Fighter / Versus
mshu=Fighter / Versus
mshutlj2=Shooter / Gallery
mshuttle=Shooter / Gallery
mshuttlj=Shooter / Gallery
mshvsf=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfa=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfa1=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfb=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfb1=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfh=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfj=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfj1=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfj2=Fighter / Versus
mshvsfu1=Fighter / Versus
msisaac=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
msjiken=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
mslider=Puzzle / Drop
mslug=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mslug2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mslug3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mslug3n=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mslug4=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mslugx=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mspacmab=Maze
mspacman=Maze
mspacmat=Maze
mspacmnf=Maze
mspacpls=Maze
mspuzzle=Puzzle / Sliding *Mature*
mstadium=Sports / Baseball
mstworld=Unplayable
msword=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mswordj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mswordr1=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mswordu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mt_aftrb=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
mt_arrow=Unplayable
mt_astrm=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mt_astro=Shooter / Flying Vertical
mt_asyn=Maze / Shooter Large
mt_bbros=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
mt_beast=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mt_cols=Unplayable
mt_crack=Unplayable
mt_eswat=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
mt_fshrk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
mt_gaxe=Fighter / 2.5D
mt_gaxe2=Fighter / 2.5D
mt_ggolf=Sports / Golf
mt_gng=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mt_gsocr=Sports / Soccer
mt_kcham=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mt_lastb=Fighter / 2D
mt_mwalk=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mt_mystd=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mt_parlg=Multiplay
mt_revsh=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mt_shang=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
mt_shar2=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
mt_shnbi=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mt_smgp=Driving / Race 1st Person
mt_soni2=Unplayable
mt_sonia=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
mt_sonic=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
mt_stbld=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
mt_stf=Unplayable
mt_tetri=Puzzle / Drop
mt_tfor2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mt_tgolf=Sports / Golf
mt_tlbba=Sports / Baseball
mt_wcsoc=Sports / Soccer
mtetrisc=Unplayable
mtlchamp=Fighter / Versus
mtlchmpa=Fighter / Versus
mtlchmpj=Fighter / Versus
mtlchmpu=Fighter / Versus
mtrap=Maze
mtrap3=Maze
mtrap4=Maze
mtwins=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
mugsmash=Fighter / 2.5D
multchmp=Mini-Games
musobana=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
mustache=Maze
mustang=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mustangb=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mustangs=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
mutantf=Fighter / Versus
mutantfa=Fighter / Versus
mutnat=Fighter / 2.5D
mvp=Sports / Baseball
mvpj=Sports / Baseball
mvsc=Fighter / Versus
mvsca=Fighter / Versus
mvscar1=Fighter / Versus
mvscb=Fighter / Versus
mvsch=Fighter / Versus
mvscj=Fighter / Versus
mvscjr1=Fighter / Versus
mwalk=Maze / Fighter
mwalkbl=Maze / Fighter
mwalkj=Maze / Fighter
mwalku=Maze / Fighter
mwarr=Fighter / Versus
mx5000=Shooter / Flying Vertical
myangel=Quiz / Japanese
myangel2=Quiz / Japanese
myangel3=Quiz / Japanese
myfairld=Unplayable
myhero=Fighter / 2D
myherok=Fighter / 2D
myqbert=Platform / Run Jump
mysticm=Sports / Track & Field
mysticri=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
myststno=Maze / Shooter Large
mystston=Maze / Shooter Large
mystwarr=Fighter / 2D
mystwaru=Fighter / 2D
mzrblzra=Shooter / 1st Person
nagano98=Sports / Track & Field
nam1975=Shooter / 3rd Person
nametune=Quiz / Music English
naname=Puzzle / Drop
narc=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
narc3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
nastar=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
nastarw=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
natodef=Maze / Shooter Small
natodefa=Maze / Shooter Small
natsuiro=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
naughtya=Maze / Shooter Large
naughtyb=Maze / Shooter Large
naughtyc=Maze / Shooter Large
navarone=Shooter / Gallery
nbahangt=Sports / Basketball
nbajam=Sports / Basketball
nbajamex=Sports / Basketball
nbajamr2=Sports / Basketball
nbajamt1=Sports / Basketball
nbajamt2=Sports / Basketball
nbajamt3=Sports / Basketball
nbajamte=Sports / Basketball
nbamht=Sports / Basketball
nbamht1=Sports / Basketball
nbanfl=Sports
nbashowt=Sports / Basketball
nbbatman=Fighter / 2.5D
ncombat=Fighter / 2.5D
ncombata=Fighter / 2.5D
ncommand=Shooter / Walking
ncv1=Multiplay
ncv1j=Multiplay
ncv1j2=Multiplay
ncv2=Multiplay
ncv2j=Multiplay
nebulray=Shooter / Flying Vertical
nebulryj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
neckneck=Sports / Horse Racing
nekkyoku=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
nemesis=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
nemesuk=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
nemo=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
nemoj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
neobattl=Shooter / Flying Vertical
neobombe=Maze
neocup98=Sports / Soccer
neodrift=Driving / Race
neogeo=BIOS
neomrdo=Maze / Digging
neruton=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
nettoqc=Quiz / Japanese
netwars=Maze / Shooter Small
newapunk=Maze
newfant=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
newpuc2=Maze
newpuc2b=Maze
newpuckx=Maze
news=Puzzle / Drop
newsin7=Maze / Shooter Small
ngpgal=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
nibbler=Maze
nibblera=Maze
nibblerb=Maze
nibblero=Maze
nightlov=Unplayable
nightstr=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
ninclown=Fighter / 2.5D
ninja=Shooter / Walking
ninjak=Fighter / 2.5D
ninjak2a=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ninjak2b=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ninjakd2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ninjakj=Fighter / 2.5D
ninjakun=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ninjamas=Fighter / Versus
ninjaw=Fighter / 2D
ninjawj=Fighter / 2D
ninjemak=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
nitd=Platform / Run Jump
nitedrvr=Driving / 1st Person
nitrobal=Shooter / Walking
niyanpai=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
nkdodgeb=Sports / Dodgeball
nmaster=Fighter / Versus Co-op
nmg5=Multiplay *Mature*
nmouse=Platform / Run Jump
nmouseb=Platform / Run Jump
nmsengen=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
noboranb=Climbing
nomnlnd=Shooter / Field
nomnlndg=Shooter / Field
nost=Shooter / Flying Vertical
nostj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
nostk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
nouryoku=Quiz / Japanese
nov2001u=Shooter / Field
nova2001=Shooter / Field
nprinces=Shooter / Walking
nprincsb=Shooter / Walking
nprincso=Shooter / Walking
nprincsu=Shooter / Walking
nrallyx=Maze / Driving
nratechu=Puzzle / Toss
nslashej=Fighter / 2.5D
nslasher=Fighter / 2.5D
nspirit=Fighter / 2D
nspiritj=Fighter / 2D
nss=BIOS
nss_actr=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
nss_adam=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
nss_aten=Sports / Tennis
nss_con3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
nss_fzer=Driving / Race (chase view)
nss_lwep=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
nss_ncaa=Sports / Basketball
nss_rob3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
nss_skin=Sports / Golf
nss_smw=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
nss_ssoc=Sports / Soccer
nss_sten=Sports / Tennis
nstocker=Shooter / Driving 1st Person
nsub=Shooter / Gallery
ntopstar=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
numanath=Sports / Track & Field
numanatj=Sports / Track & Field
nunchaku=Platform / Fighter
nwarr=Fighter / Versus
nwarrb=Fighter / Versus
nwarrh=Fighter / Versus
nyanpani=Puzzle
nycaptor=Shooter / Gun
nyny=Shooter / Gallery
nynyg=Shooter / Gallery
nzerotea=Unplayable
offroad=Driving / Race Track
offroadc=Driving / Race (chase view)
offroadt=Driving / Race Track
offtwalc=Breakout
offtwall=Breakout
ogonsiro=Fighter / 2D
ohmygod=Puzzle / Drop
oigas=Breakout
oisipuzl=Mini-Games
ojanko2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ojankoc=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ojankohs=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ojankoy=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ojousan=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ojousanm=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
olds=Unplayable
olds100=Unplayable
olds100a=Unplayable
olibochu=Maze
olysoc92=Sports / Soccer
omega=Shooter / Gallery
omegaf=Shooter / Flying Vertical
omegafs=Shooter / Flying Vertical
omegrace=Shooter / Field
omni=Shooter / Gallery
omotesnd=Tabletop / Hanafuda *Mature*
oneshot=Shooter / Gun
onetwo=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
onna34ra=Fighter / Versus
onna34ro=Fighter / Versus
opaopa=Unplayable
opengol2=Sports / Golf
opengolf=Sports / Golf
openice=Sports / Hockey
opwolf=Shooter / Gun
opwolf3=Shooter / Gun
opwolf3u=Shooter / Gun
opwolfb=Shooter / Gun
opwolfu=Shooter / Gun
orangec=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
orangeci=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
orbit=Shooter / Field
orbitron=Shooter / Command
ordyne=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
ordynej=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
orld105k=Fighter / 2.5D
orld111c=Fighter / 2.5D
orlegend=Fighter / 2.5D
orlegndc=Fighter / 2.5D
orlegnde=Fighter / 2.5D
orunners=Driving / Race (chase view)
oscar=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
oscarj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
oscarj0=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
oscarj1=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
osman=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
otatidai=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
othellos=Tabletop / Othello
othldrby=Tabletop / Othello
othunder=Shooter / Gun
othundrj=Shooter / Gun
othundu=Shooter / Gun
othunduo=Shooter / Gun
otonano=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
otwalls=Sports / Tennis
outfxesj=Platform / Fighter
outfxies=Platform / Fighter
outline=Maze / Outline
outrun=Driving / Race (chase view)
outrun1=Driving / Race (chase view)
outrun2=Driving / Race (chase view)
outrunb=Driving / Race (chase view)
outzone=Shooter / Walking
outzonea=Shooter / Walking
overdriv=Driving / Race 1st Person
overtop=Driving / Race
ozmawar2=Shooter / Gallery
ozmawars=Shooter / Gallery
ozon1=Shooter / Gallery
p47=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
p47aces=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
p47j=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
pacapp=Rhythm
pacgal=Maze
pacheart=Maze
pachiten=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
pacland=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pacland2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pacland3=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
paclandm=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pacman=Maze
pacmanbl=Maze
pacmanf=Maze
pacmania=Maze
pacmanij=Maze
pacmod=Maze
pacnchmp=Maze
pacnpal=Maze
pacnpal2=Maze
pacplus=Maze
paddle2=Breakout
paddlema=Sports
paintlad=Misc. *Mature*
paintrlr=Maze
pairlove=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
pairs=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
pairsa=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
pairsnb=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
pairsten=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
palamed=Puzzle / Toss
pandoras=Platform / Run Jump
pang=Shooter / Gallery
pang3=Shooter / Gallery
pang3j=Shooter / Gallery
pangb=Shooter / Gallery
pangpomm=Platform / Run Jump
pangpoms=Platform / Run Jump
panic=Platform / Run Jump
panic2=Platform / Run Jump
panic3=Platform / Run Jump
panicbom=Puzzle / Drop
panicger=Platform / Run Jump
panich=Platform / Run Jump
panicr=Unplayable
panicstr=Puzzle / Outline
paperboy=Misc.
paperbr1=Misc.
paperbr2=Misc.
paradise=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
parodisj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
parodius=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
pass=Maze
passht4b=Sports / Tennis
passsht=Sports / Tennis
passshtb=Sports / Tennis
passshtj=Sports / Tennis
pastelg=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
patimono=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
pbactio2=Pinball
pbactio3=Pinball
pbaction=Pinball
pballoon=Misc.
pbancho=Puzzle / Drop
pbball96=Sports / Baseball
pbillian=Sports / Pool
pbillrd=Sports / Pool
pbillrds=Sports / Pool
pblbeach=Sports / Golf
pbobbl2j=Puzzle / Toss
pbobbl2n=Puzzle / Toss
pbobbl2u=Puzzle / Toss
pbobbl2x=Puzzle / Toss
pbobbl3j=Puzzle / Toss
pbobbl3u=Puzzle / Toss
pbobbl4j=Puzzle / Toss
pbobbl4u=Puzzle / Toss
pbobble=Puzzle / Toss
pbobble2=Puzzle / Toss
pbobble3=Puzzle / Toss
pbobble4=Puzzle / Toss
pbobblen=Puzzle / Toss
pbobblna=Puzzle / Toss
pc_1942=Shooter / Flying Vertical
pc_bball=Sports / Baseball
pc_bfght=Platform / Run Jump
pc_bstar=Sports / Baseball
pc_cntra=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
pc_cshwk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
pc_cvnia=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pc_dbldr=Sports / Basketball
pc_ddrgn=Fighter / Multiplay
pc_drmro=Puzzle / Drop
pc_duckh=Shooter / Gun
pc_ebike=Driving / Race Bike
pc_ftqst=Maze / Shooter Large
pc_gntlt=Maze / Shooter Large
pc_golf=Sports / Golf
pc_goons=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pc_grdue=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
pc_grdus=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
pc_hgaly=Shooter / Gun
pc_kngfu=Fighter / 2D
pc_mario=Platform / Run Jump
pc_miket=Sports / Boxing
pc_mman3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
pc_moglf=Sports / Golf
pc_mtoid=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pc_ngai2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pc_ngai3=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pc_ngaid=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pc_pinbt=Pinball
pc_pwbld=Platform / Fighter
pc_pwrst=Wrestling
pc_radr2=Driving / Race (chase view)
pc_radrc=Driving / Race (chase view)
pc_rcpam=Driving / Race
pc_rkats=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pc_rnatk=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
pc_rrngr=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pc_rygar=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pc_sjetm=Maze / Shooter Large
pc_smb=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pc_smb2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pc_smb3=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pc_suprc=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
pc_tbowl=Sports / Football Amer.
pc_tenis=Sports / Tennis
pc_tkfld=Sports / Track & Field
pc_tmnt=Platform / Fighter
pc_tmnt2=Fighter / 2D
pc_trjan=Fighter / 2D
pc_vball=Sports / Volleyball
pc_wcup=Sports / Soccer
pc_wgnmn=Shooter / Gun
pc_ynoid=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pchmp95=Unplayable
pchmp95v=Unplayable
pcktgal=Sports / Pool *Mature*
pcktgal2=Sports / Pool *Mature*
pcktgalb=Sports / Pool *Mature*
pclubj=Unplayable
pclubjv2=Unplayable
pclubjv4=Unplayable
pclubjv5=Unplayable
pclubys=Multiplay *Mature*
pclubysa=Multiplay *Mature*
pdrift=Driving / Race (chase view)
pdriftj=Driving / Race (chase view)
peekaboo=Breakout *Mature*
peepshow=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
peggle=Ball & Paddle
pegglet=Ball & Paddle
penbros=Platform / Run Jump
pengo=Maze
pengo2=Maze
pengo2u=Maze
pengo3u=Maze
pengo4=Maze
pengob=Maze
penocup=Unplayable
penta=Maze
pepper2=Maze / Outline
percuss=Shooter / Field
perestrf=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
perestro=Puzzle / Outline *Mature*
perfrman=Maze / Shooter Small
perfrmau=Maze / Shooter Small
pestplce=Platform / Run Jump
peterpak=Platform / Run Jump
pettanp=Maze
pfghtj=Fighter / Versus
pgear=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pgearr1=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pgm=BIOS
pgoal=Sports / Soccer
phantasm=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
phantom2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
phantoma=Maze / Shooter Small
phelios=Shooter / Flying Vertical
phoenix=Shooter / Gallery
phoenix3=Shooter / Gallery
phoenixa=Shooter / Gallery
phoenixc=Shooter / Gallery
phoenixt=Shooter / Gallery
photoy2k=Puzzle
phozon=Puzzle
phrcraze=Unplayable
pickin=Puzzle / Maze
pignewt=Platform / Run Jump
pignewta=Platform / Run Jump
pigout=Platform / Run Jump
pigouta=Platform / Run Jump
pigskin=Sports / Football Rugby
pinbo=Pinball
pinboa=Pinball
pinbos=Pinball
pingpong=Sports / Tennis
pipedrm=Puzzle
pipedrmj=Puzzle
pipeline=Unplayable
pipibibi=Platform / Run Jump *Mature*
pipibibs=Platform / Run Jump *Mature*
piranha=Maze
piranhah=Maze
piranhao=Maze
pirates=Shooter / 3rd Person
piratetr=Misc.
piratpet=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pisces=Shooter / Gallery
piscesb=Shooter / Gallery
pistoldm=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
pitboss=Unplayable
pitfall2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pitfallu=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
pitfigh3=Fighter / Versus
pitfigh4=Fighter / Versus
pitfighb=Fighter / Versus
pitfighj=Fighter / Versus
pitfight=Fighter / Versus
pitnrun=Driving / Race Track
pitnruna=Driving / Race Track
pkgnsh=Pinball / Pachinko *Mature*
pkgnshdx=Pinball / Pachinko *Mature*
pkladiel=Casino *Mature*
pkladies=Casino *Mature*
pkladila=Casino *Mature*
pkscram=Misc.
pktgaldb=Sports / Pool *Mature*
pktgaldj=Sports / Pool *Mature*
pktgaldx=Sports / Pool *Mature*
pkunwar=Sports
pkunwarj=Sports
platoon=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
playball=Ball & Paddle
playch10=BIOS
plctr13b=Shooter / Gun
pleiadbl=Shooter / Gallery
pleiadce=Shooter / Gallery
pleiads=Shooter / Gallery
plgirls=Breakout *Mature*
plgirls2=Shooter / Gallery *Mature*
plottina=Puzzle / Toss
plotting=Puzzle / Toss
plsmaswd=Fighter / Versus
pltkids=Unplayable
pltkidsa=Unplayable
plumppop=Breakout
plusalph=Shooter / Flying Vertical
plygonet=Shooter / Driving 1st Person
pmroulet=Unplayable
pnickj=Puzzle / Drop
pntnpuzl=Unplayable
poitto=Puzzle / Drop
poker4=Misc. Betting
poker8=Misc. Betting
pokrdice=Casino
polaris=Shooter / Gallery
polarisa=Shooter / Gallery
polepos=Driving / Race (chase view)
polepos1=Driving / Race (chase view)
polepos2=Driving / Race (chase view)
poleposa=Driving / Race (chase view)
poleps2a=Driving / Race (chase view)
poleps2b=Driving / Race (chase view)
policetr=Shooter / Gun
polict11=Shooter / Gun
pollux=Shooter / Flying Vertical
polluxa=Shooter / Flying Vertical
polyplay=Multiplay
pompingw=Shooter / Gallery
ponchin=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ponchina=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ponpoko=Platform / Run Jump
ponpokov=Platform / Run Jump
pontoon=Unplayable
ponttehk=Misc. Betting
poolshrk=Sports / Pool
pootan=Shooter / Gallery
pooyan=Shooter / Gallery
pooyans=Shooter / Gallery
pop_hh=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
popbingo=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
popbounc=Breakout
popeye=Platform / Run Jump
popeyebl=Platform / Run Jump
popeyef=Platform / Run Jump
popeyeu=Platform / Run Jump
popflama=Maze / Shooter Small
popflamb=Maze / Shooter Small
popflame=Maze / Shooter Small
popnpop=Puzzle / Toss
popnpopj=Puzzle / Toss
popnpopu=Puzzle / Toss
popper=Platform / Run Jump
porky=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
portman=Platform / Run Jump
portrait=Misc.
portrata=Misc.
potogold=Misc.
potopoto=Puzzle / Drop
poundfor=Sports / Boxing
poundfou=Sports / Boxing
pow=Fighter / 2.5D
powerdrv=Driving / Race
powerina=Fighter / Versus
powerins=Fighter / Versus
powj=Fighter / 2.5D
powrplay=Sports / Soccer
ppking=Sports / Tennis
ppmast93=Unplayable
prehisle=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
prehislu=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
preisle2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
prikura=Maze / Shooter Large
primella=Puzzle / Cards *Mature*
primglex=Sports / Soccer
primrag2=Fighter / Versus
primraga=Fighter / Versus
primrage=Fighter / Versus
prmrsocj=Sports / Soccer
prmrsocr=Sports / Soccer
prmtmfgo=Sports / Boxing
prmtmfgt=Sports / Boxing
profpac=Quiz / English
progear=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
progeara=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
progearj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
progress=Shooter / Driving Vertical
promutra=Quiz / English *Mature*
promutrv=Quiz / English
propcycl=Misc.
prosoccr=Sports / Soccer
prosport=Sports / Multiplay
prtytime=Misc. *Mature*
psailor1=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
psailor2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
psarc95=BIOS
psoldier=Fighter / Versus
pspikes=Sports / Volleyball
pspikes2=Sports / Volleyball
pspikesb=Sports / Volleyball
pspikesk=Sports / Volleyball
pstadium=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
psurge=Maze
psychic5=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
psychos=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
psychosj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
psyforce=Fighter / Versus
psyforcj=Fighter / Versus
psyfrcex=Fighter / Versus
ptblank=Shooter / Gun
ptblank2=Shooter / Gun
pturn=Unplayable
puchicar=Breakout
puchicrj=Breakout
puckman=Maze
puckmana=Maze
puckmanf=Maze
puckmanh=Maze
puckmod=Maze
puckpkmn=Maze
pulirula=Fighter / 2.5D
pulirulj=Fighter / 2.5D
pulsar=Maze / Shooter Small
pulstar=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
punchout=Sports / Boxing
punisher=Fighter / 2.5D
punishrj=Fighter / 2.5D
punishru=Fighter / 2.5D
punkshot=Sports / Basketball
punksht2=Sports / Basketball
punkshtj=Sports / Basketball
pururun=Puzzle
pushman=Puzzle *Mature*
pushmana=Puzzle *Mature*
pushmans=Puzzle
puyo=Puzzle / Drop
puyobl=Puzzle / Drop
puyoj=Puzzle / Drop
puyoja=Puzzle / Drop
puyopuy2=Puzzle / Drop
puyosun=Puzzle / Drop
puzlclub=Puzzle / Sliding
puzldama=Puzzle / Drop
puzloopj=Puzzle / Toss
puzloopu=Puzzle / Toss
puzlstar=Unplayable
puzzldpr=Puzzle / Toss
puzzledp=Puzzle / Toss
puzzli=Puzzle / Drop
puzzli2=Unplayable
puzzloop=Puzzle / Toss
puzznic=Puzzle *Mature*
puzznicj=Puzzle *Mature*
pwheelsj=Driving / Race (chase view)
pwrgoal=Sports / Soccer
pwrinst2=Fighter / Versus
pyros=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
pzlbowl=Puzzle / Toss
pzloop2j=Puzzle / Toss
qad=Quiz / English
qadj=Quiz / Japanese
qb3=Shooter / Field
qbert=Platform / Run Jump
qberta=Platform / Run Jump
qbertjp=Platform / Run Jump
qbertqub=Platform / Run Jump
qberttst=Platform / Run Jump
qbtrktst=Misc.
qcrayon=Quiz / Japanese
qcrayon2=Mini-Games
qdrmfgp=Quiz / Music Japanese
qdrmfgp2=Quiz / Music Japanese
qgakumon=Quiz / Japanese
qgh=Quiz / Japanese
qix=Puzzle / Outline
qix2=Puzzle / Outline
qixa=Puzzle / Outline
qixb=Puzzle / Outline
qjinsei=Quiz / Japanese
qmhayaku=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
qndream=Quiz / Japanese
qrouka=Quiz / Japanese
qsangoku=Quiz / Japanese
qsww=Unplayable
qtheater=Quiz / Japanese
qtono1=Quiz / Japanese
qtono2=Quiz / Japanese
qtorimon=Quiz / Japanese
quantum=Misc.
quantum1=Misc.
quantump=Misc.
quaquiz2=Unplayable
quarterb=Sports / Football Amer.
quartet=Maze / Shooter Large
quartet2=Maze / Shooter Large
quartetj=Maze / Shooter Large
quarth=Puzzle
quartrba=Sports / Football Amer.
quartt2j=Maze / Shooter Large
quasar=Shooter / Misc.
quasara=Shooter / Misc.
quester=Breakout
quiz18k=Quiz / Japanese *Mature*
quiz365=Quiz / Japanese
quiz365t=Quiz / Chinese
quizchq=Quiz / Japanese
quizchql=Quiz / Chinese
quizdai2=Quiz / Japanese
quizdais=Quiz / Japanese
quizdna=Quiz / Japanese
quizf1=Quiz / Japanese
quizhq=Quiz / Japanese
quizhuhu=Quiz / Japanese
quizkof=Quiz / Japanese
quizmeku=Quiz / Japanese
quizmoon=Quiz / Japanese
quizpani=Quiz / Japanese
quiztou=Quiz / Japanese
quiztvqq=Quiz / Japanese
qwak=Puzzle / Sliding
qzchikyu=Quiz / Japanese
qzkklgy2=Quiz / Japanese
qzkklogy=Quiz / Japanese
qzquest=Quiz / Japanese
qzshowby=Quiz / Japanese
r2dtank=Shooter / Field
rabbit=Unplayable
rabiolep=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
raccoon=Unplayable
racedcb4=Driving / 1st Person
racedcg4=Driving / 1st Person
racedrb1=Driving / 1st Person
racedrb4=Driving / 1st Person
racedrc1=Driving / 1st Person
racedrc2=Driving / 1st Person
racedrc4=Driving / 1st Person
racedrcb=Driving / 1st Person
racedrcg=Driving / 1st Person
racedrg1=Driving / 1st Person
racedrg4=Driving / 1st Person
racedriv=Driving / 1st Person
racedrv1=Driving / 1st Person
racedrv2=Driving / 1st Person
racedrv3=Driving / 1st Person
racedrv4=Driving / 1st Person
racedrvb=Driving / 1st Person
racedrvc=Driving / 1st Person
racedrvg=Driving / 1st Person
rachero=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
racinfrc=Driving / Race (chase view)
racingb=Unplayable
racingj=Unplayable
racingj2=Unplayable
rackemup=Sports / Pool
racknrol=Sports / Pool
radarscp=Shooter / Gallery
radarzn1=Maze / Outline
radarznt=Maze / Outline
radarzon=Maze / Outline
radikalb=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
radm=Driving / 1st Person
radmu=Driving / 1st Person
radr=Driving / 1st Person
radrad=Shooter / Driving Vertical
radru=Driving / 1st Person
raf102j=Puzzle
raflesia=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ragnagrd=Fighter / Versus
ragtime=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
raiden=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raiden2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raiden2a=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raiden2b=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raiden2c=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raiden2e=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raidena=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raidenk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raident=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raiders=Shooter / Gallery
raiders5=Maze / Shooter Large
raidndx=Unplayable
raidndxa=Unplayable
raidndxb=Unplayable
raidndxj=Unplayable
raidndxm=Unplayable
raidrs5t=Maze / Shooter Large
raiga=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
raimais=Maze
rainbow=Platform / Run Jump
rainbowe=Platform / Run Jump
rainbowo=Platform / Run Jump
rallybik=Driving / Race Bike
rallys=Maze / Shooter Small
rallyx=Maze / Driving
rallyxm=Maze / Driving
rambo3=Shooter / 3rd Person
rambo3a=Shooter / 3rd Person
rambo3ae=Shooter / 3rd Person
rampage=Platform / Fighter
rampage2=Platform / Fighter
rampart=Shooter / Command
rampartj=Shooter / Command
ramprt2p=Shooter / Command
raphero=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rastan=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
rastanu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
rastanu2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
rastsag2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
rastsaga=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
raveracj=Driving / 1st Person
raveracw=Driving / 1st Person
rayforce=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rayforcj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raystorj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
raystorm=Shooter / Flying Vertical
razmataz=Shooter / Gallery
rbff1=Fighter / Versus
rbff2=Fighter / Versus
rbff2a=Fighter / Versus
rbffspec=Fighter / Versus
rbibb=Sports / Baseball
rbibba=Sports / Baseball
rbtapper=Misc.
rcasino=Misc. Betting
rchase=Shooter / Gun
rckman2j=Fighter / Versus Co-op
rckmanj=Fighter / Versus Co-op
rdaction=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rdft=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdft2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdft22kc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdft2a=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdft2a2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdft2j=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdft2us=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdftau=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdftdi=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdftj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rdftu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
reactor=Misc.
realbrk=Sports / Pool *Mature*
recalh=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
recordbr=Sports / Track & Field
redalert=Shooter / Gallery
redbaron=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
redclash=Shooter / Flying Vertical
redclask=Shooter / Flying Vertical
redhawk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
redhawkb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
redlin2p=Driving / Race Track
redrobin=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
redufo=Shooter / Gallery
regulus=Shooter / Driving Vertical
reguluso=Shooter / Driving Vertical
regulusu=Shooter / Driving Vertical
reikaids=Fighter / Versus
relief=Sports / Baseball
relief2=Sports / Baseball
renaiclb=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
renegade=Fighter / 2.5D
renju=Tabletop / Renju
repulse=Shooter / Gallery
rescraid=Shooter / Driving
rescrdsa=Shooter / Driving
rescue=Shooter / Flying
retofin1=Shooter / Gallery
retofin2=Shooter / Gallery
retofinv=Shooter / Gallery
revenger=Unplayable
revx=Shooter / Gun
rezon=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rezont=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rf2=Driving / Race 1st Person
rfjet=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rfjeta=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rfjetj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rfjetu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rfjetus=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ribbit=Maze
ridefgtj=Fighter / Vertical
ridefgtu=Fighter / Vertical
ridger2a=Driving / 1st Person
ridger2b=Driving / 1st Person
ridgera2=Driving / 1st Person
ridgerac=Driving / 1st Person
ridgeraj=Driving / 1st Person
ridhero=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
ridheroh=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
ridingf=Fighter / Vertical
ridleofp=Breakout
rimrck12=Sports / Basketball
rimrck16=Sports / Basketball
rimrck20=Sports / Basketball
rimrockn=Sports / Basketball
ringdest=Wrestling
ringfgt=Sports / Boxing
ringfgt2=Sports / Boxing
ringkin2=Sports / Boxing
ringkin3=Sports / Boxing
ringking=Sports / Boxing
ringkinw=Sports / Boxing
ringohja=Wrestling
ringrage=Wrestling
ringragj=Wrestling
ringragu=Wrestling
riot=Shooter / 3rd Person
riotcity=Fighter / 2.5D
ripcord=Sports / SkyDiving
ripoff=Shooter / Field
riskchal=Unplayable
rjammer=Fighter / Vertical
rmhaihai=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
rmhaihib=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
rmhaijin=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
rmhaisei=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
rmpgwt=Platform / Fighter
rmpgwt11=Platform / Fighter
roadblc1=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadblcg=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadblg1=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadblg2=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadbls1=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadbls2=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadbls3=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadblsc=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadblsg=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadblst=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
roadburn=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
roadedge=Unplayable
roadf=Driving / Race
roadf2=Driving / Race
roadriot=Driving / Race (chase view)
roadrun1=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
roadrun2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
roadrunn=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
robby=Maze / Digging
roboarma=Fighter / 2.5D
roboarmy=Fighter / 2.5D
robocop=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
robocop2=Fighter / 2.5D
robocopb=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
robocopj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
robocopu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
robocopw=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
robocp2j=Fighter / 2.5D
robocp2u=Fighter / 2.5D
robocpu0=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
robokid=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
robokidj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
robotbwl=Sports / Bowling
robotron=Shooter / Field
robotryo=Shooter / Field
robowrb=Wrestling
robowres=Wrestling
rockclim=Climbing
rockmanj=Fighter / Versus Co-op
rockn=Rhythm
rockraga=Maze / Fighter
rockrage=Maze / Fighter
rockragj=Maze / Fighter
rocktrv2=Quiz / Music English
rocnrope=Platform / Run Jump
rocnropk=Platform / Run Jump
rodland=Platform / Run Jump
rodlandj=Platform / Run Jump
rodlndjb=Platform / Run Jump
rohga=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rohgah=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rohgau=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
roishtar=Maze / Fighter
roldfrga=Shooter / Field *Mature*
roldfrog=Shooter / Field *Mature*
rollace=Fighter / Vertical
rollace2=Fighter / Vertical
rollerg=Sports
rollergj=Sports
rollingc=Multiplay
rompers=Maze
romperso=Maze
rongrngg=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
rongrong=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
rotaryf=Shooter / Gallery
rotd=Fighter / Versus
roughrac=Unplayable
rougien=Shooter / Misc.
roundup=Maze
roundup5=Driving / Race (chase view)
route16=Maze
route16a=Maze
route16b=Maze
routex=Maze
royalmah=Tabletop / Mahjong
rpatrolb=Driving / Boat
rpunch=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rranger=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rrreveng=Driving / Race (chase view)
rrrevenp=Driving / Race (chase view)
rsgun=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rshark=Shooter / Flying Vertical
rthun2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rthun2j=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rthunder=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rthundro=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rtriv=Quiz / French
rtype=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rtype2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rtype2j=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rtypelej=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rtypeleo=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rtypepj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rtypeu=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
rugrats=Maze / Digging
runark=Fighter / 2.5D
runaway=Maze
rundeep=Shooter / Gallery
rungun=Sports / Basketball
rungun2=Sports / Basketball
runguna=Sports / Basketball
rungunu=Sports / Basketball
rungunua=Sports / Basketball
rushatck=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
rushcrsh=Shooter / Driving Vertical
rushhero=Sports / Football Amer.
rvschola=Fighter / Versus
rvschool=Fighter / Versus
rygar=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
rygar2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
rygarj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
ryorioh=Quiz / Japanese
ryouran=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ryujin=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ryukendn=Fighter / 2.5D
ryukyu=Puzzle / Cards
ryuuha=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
s1945=Shooter / Flying Vertical
s1945a=Shooter / Flying Vertical
s1945ii=Shooter / Flying Vertical
s1945iii=Shooter / Flying Vertical
s1945j=Shooter / Flying Vertical
s1945jn=Shooter / Flying Vertical
s1945p=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sabotenb=Platform / Run Jump
sabotnba=Platform / Run Jump
sadari=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
safari=Shooter / Field
safarir=Maze / Driving
sailormn=Fighter / 2.5D
sailormo=Fighter / 2.5D
sailorwa=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
sailorwr=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
sailorws=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
saiyugb1=Platform / Fighter
saiyugb2=Platform / Fighter
saiyugou=Platform / Fighter
salamand=Shooter / Flying
salamanj=Shooter / Flying
salmndr2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
samesam2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
samesame=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sams64_2=Unplayable
samsho=Fighter / Versus
samsho2=Fighter / Versus
samsho3=Fighter / Versus
samsho3a=Fighter / Versus
samsho4=Fighter / Versus
samurai=Fighter / Field
samuraia=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sandor=Unplayable
sandscra=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sandscrp=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sarge=Shooter / Field
sarukani=Breakout
sassisu=Unplayable
sasuke=Shooter / Gallery
satansat=Shooter / Gallery
saturn=Shooter / Gallery
sauro=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
savagere=Fighter / Versus
savgbees=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sbagman=Platform / Run Jump
sbagmans=Platform / Run Jump
sbasebal=Sports / Baseball
sbasketb=Sports / Basketball
sbasketo=Sports / Basketball
sbasketu=Sports / Basketball
sbbros=Shooter / Gallery
sbdk=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
sbishi=Mini-Games
sbm=Misc.
sboblbob=Platform / Run Jump
sbomberb=Shooter / Gallery
sbowling=Sports / Bowling
sbrkout=Breakout
sbugger=Unplayable
scandal=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
scandalm=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
scfinals=Sports / Soccer
schamp=Unplayable
schaser=Maze
schasrcv=Maze
schmeisr=Fighter / Versus
sci=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
scia=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
scion=Shooter / Flying Vertical
scionc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sciu=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
scobra=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scobrab=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scobras=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scobrase=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scontra=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
scontraj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
scorpion=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scorpnmc=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scotrsht=Shooter / Flying
scramblb=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scramble=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scrambls=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scregg=Maze
screwloo=Shooter / Field
scross=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
scrpiona=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
sctionza=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
scud=Unplayable
scuda=Unplayable
scudhamm=Misc.
sderby=Misc. Betting
sdgndmps=Shooter / Walking
sdgndmrb=Unplayable
sdi=Shooter / Command
sdib=Shooter / Command
sdodgeb=Sports / Dodgeball
sdtennis=Sports / Tennis
sdungeon=Shooter / Field
seabass=Sports / Fishing
searchar=Shooter / Walking
searchey=Puzzle
searthia=Shooter / Gallery
searthin=Shooter / Gallery
seawolf=Shooter / Gallery
seawolf2=Shooter / Gallery
secolove=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
secretab=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
secretag=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
sectionz=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
sectrzon=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
seganinj=Shooter / Walking
seganinu=Shooter / Walking
seicross=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
seiha=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
seiham=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
selfeena=Maze
sengekij=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sengekis=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sengokh=Fighter / 2.5D
sengokmj=Tabletop / Mahjong
sengoku=Fighter / 2.5D
sengoku2=Fighter / 2.5D
sengoku3=Fighter / 2.5D
senjyo=Shooter / Command
senknow=Puzzle / Drop
senkyu=Puzzle / Drop
senkyua=Puzzle / Drop
sentetst=Misc.
sercharu=Shooter / Walking
sextriv1=Quiz / English *Mature*
sextriv2=Quiz / English *Mature*
sexyparo=Shooter / Flying Horizontal *Mature*
sf=Fighter / Versus
sf2=Fighter / Versus
sf2accp2=Fighter / Versus
sf2ce=Fighter / Versus
sf2cej=Fighter / Versus
sf2ceua=Fighter / Versus
sf2ceub=Fighter / Versus
sf2ceuc=Fighter / Versus
sf2eb=Fighter / Versus
sf2hf=Fighter / Versus
sf2j=Fighter / Versus
sf2ja=Fighter / Versus
sf2jc=Fighter / Versus
sf2koryu=Fighter / Versus
sf2m1=Fighter / Versus
sf2m2=Fighter / Versus
sf2m3=Fighter / Versus
sf2m4=Fighter / Versus
sf2m5=Fighter / Versus
sf2m6=Fighter / Versus
sf2m7=Fighter / Versus
sf2rb=Fighter / Versus
sf2rb2=Fighter / Versus
sf2red=Fighter / Versus
sf2t=Fighter / Versus
sf2tj=Fighter / Versus
sf2ua=Fighter / Versus
sf2ub=Fighter / Versus
sf2ud=Fighter / Versus
sf2ue=Fighter / Versus
sf2uf=Fighter / Versus
sf2ui=Fighter / Versus
sf2uk=Fighter / Versus
sf2v004=Fighter / Versus
sf2yyc=Fighter / Versus
sfa=Fighter / Versus
sfa2=Fighter / Versus
sfa3=Fighter / Versus
sfa3b=Fighter / Versus
sfa3r1=Fighter / Versus
sfar1=Fighter / Versus
sfar2=Fighter / Versus
sfar3=Fighter / Versus
sfau=Fighter / Versus
sfchamp=Sports / Soccer
sfchampj=Sports / Soccer
sfex=Fighter / Versus
sfex2=Fighter / Versus
sfex2j=Fighter / Versus
sfex2p=Fighter / Versus
sfex2pa=Fighter / Versus
sfex2pj=Fighter / Versus
sfexa=Fighter / Versus
sfexj=Fighter / Versus
sfexp=Fighter / Versus
sfexpj=Fighter / Versus
sfexpu1=Fighter / Versus
sfiii=Fighter / Versus
sfiii2=Fighter / Versus
sfiii3=Fighter / Versus
sfish2=Sports / Fishing
sfish2j=Sports / Fishing
sfjp=Fighter / Versus
sflush=Breakout
sfootbal=Sports / Football Amer.
sformula=Driving / Race
sfp=Fighter / Versus
sfposeid=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
sfru2049=Driving / Race (chase view)
sfrush=Driving / Race (chase view)
sfrushrk=Unplayable
sftm=Fighter / Versus
sftm110=Fighter / Versus
sftm111=Fighter / Versus
sftmj=Fighter / Versus
sfus=Fighter / Versus
sfx=Shooter / Flying
sfz2a=Fighter / Versus
sfz2aa=Fighter / Versus
sfz2ab=Fighter / Versus
sfz2ah=Fighter / Versus
sfz2aj=Fighter / Versus
sfz2b=Fighter / Versus
sfz2br1=Fighter / Versus
sfz2h=Fighter / Versus
sfz2j=Fighter / Versus
sfz2n=Fighter / Versus
sfz3a=Fighter / Versus
sfz3ar1=Fighter / Versus
sfz3j=Fighter / Versus
sfz3jr1=Fighter / Versus
sfz3jr2=Fighter / Versus
sfza=Fighter / Versus
sfzb=Fighter / Versus
sfzbr1=Fighter / Versus
sfzh=Fighter / Versus
sfzj=Fighter / Versus
sfzjr1=Fighter / Versus
sfzjr2=Fighter / Versus
sgemf=Fighter / Versus
sgemfa=Fighter / Versus
sgemfh=Fighter / Versus
sgladiat=Misc.
sgmast=Sports / Golf
sgmastc=Sports / Golf
sgt24h=Unplayable
sgunner=Shooter / Gun
sgunner2=Shooter / Gun
sgunnerj=Shooter / Gun
sgunnr2j=Shooter / Gun
shackled=Maze / Shooter Large
shadfrce=Fighter / 2.5D
shadowld=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
shadoww=Fighter / 2.5D
shadowwa=Fighter / 2.5D
shangha2=Puzzle / Match
shangha3=Puzzle / Match
shanghai=Puzzle / Match
shangkid=Fighter / Versus
shangnle=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
shangon=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
shangon1=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
shangon2=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
shangon3=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
shangupb=Driving / Race (chase view) Bike
shanhigw=Puzzle / Match
shaolins=Platform / Fighter
sharkatt=Misc.
sharrier=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
shdancbl=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shdance1=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shdancej=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shdancer=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
sheriff=Shooter / Field
shienryu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
shimpacp=Sports / Football Amer.
shimpact=Sports / Football Amer.
shinobi=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shinobi1=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shinobi2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shinobi3=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shinobi4=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shinobl=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shippumd=Shooter / Flying Vertical
shiryu2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
shisen=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
shisen2=Puzzle / Match
shngmtkb=Puzzle / Match
shocking=Maze / Fighter
shocktr2=Shooter / Walking
shocktra=Shooter / Walking
shocktro=Shooter / Walking
shogwarr=Fighter / Versus
shollow=Shooter / Gallery
shollow2=Shooter / Gallery
shootbul=Sports / Darts
shootgal=Unplayable
shootoub=Shooter / 3rd Person
shootouj=Shooter / 3rd Person
shootout=Shooter / 3rd Person
shougi=Tabletop / Shougi
shougi2=Tabletop / Shougi
showdown=Casino
shrike=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
shtngmst=Unplayable
shtrider=Driving / Race Bike
shtridra=Driving / Race Bike
shuffle=Sports / Shuffleboard
shufshot=Sports / Shuffleboard
shuuz=Sports / Horseshoes
shuuz2=Sports / Horseshoes
sia2650=Shooter / Gallery
sichuan2=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
sichuana=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
sicv=Shooter / Gallery
sidearjp=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
sidearmr=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
sidearms=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
sidebs=Unplayable
sidebs2=Unplayable
sidepckt=Sports / Pool
sidepctb=Sports / Pool
sidepctj=Sports / Pool
sidetrac=Maze
silentd=Fighter / 2.5D
silentdj=Fighter / 2.5D
silkroad=Fighter / 2.5D
silkworm=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
silkwrm2=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
silvland=Sports / Skiing
simpbowl=Sports / Bowling
simps2pa=Fighter / 2.5D
simps2pj=Fighter / 2.5D
simps4pa=Fighter / 2.5D
simpsn2p=Fighter / 2.5D
simpsons=Fighter / 2.5D
sindbadm=Puzzle / Maze
sinista1=Shooter / Field
sinista2=Shooter / Field
sinistar=Shooter / Field
sinvasn=Shooter / Walking
sinvasnb=Shooter / Walking
sinvemag=Shooter / Gallery
sinvzen=Shooter / Gallery
sisv=Shooter / Gallery
sisv2=Shooter / Gallery
sitv=Shooter / Gallery
sjryuko=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
sjryuko1=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
skelagon=Unplayable
skingam2=Sports / Golf
skingame=Sports / Golf
skns=BIOS
skullfng=Unplayable
skullxb1=Fighter / 2.5D
skullxb2=Fighter / 2.5D
skullxb3=Fighter / 2.5D
skullxb4=Fighter / 2.5D
skullxbo=Fighter / 2.5D
skyadvnj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
skyadvnt=Shooter / Flying Vertical
skyadvnu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
skyalert=Shooter / Flying Vertical
skyarmy=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
skybase=Shooter / Gallery
skybump=Shooter / Flying
skychut=Shooter / Gallery
skydiver=Sports / SkyDiving
skyfox=Shooter / Gallery
skykid=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
skykidd=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
skykiddo=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
skykiddx=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
skykido=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
skylance=Shooter / Gallery
skylancr=Shooter / Gallery
skyraid=Shooter / Command
skyraidr=Shooter / Gallery
skyshark=Shooter / Flying Vertical
skyskipr=Shooter / Flying
skysmash=Shooter / Flying Vertical
skysoldr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
skytargt=Unplayable
skywolf=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
skywolf2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
slamdnk2=Sports / Basketball
slammast=Wrestling
slammasu=Wrestling
slapbtjp=Shooter / Flying Vertical
slapbtuk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
slapfigh=Shooter / Flying Vertical
slapshot=Sports / Hockey
sliksh16=Sports / Pool
sliksh17=Sports / Pool
slikshot=Sports / Pool
slipstrm=Driving / Race (chase view)
slither=Shooter / Gallery
slithera=Shooter / Gallery
slmdunkj=Sports / Basketball
slyspy=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
slyspy2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
smashtv=Shooter / Field
smashtv4=Shooter / Field
smashtv5=Shooter / Field
smashtv6=Shooter / Field
smbomb=Wrestling
smbombr1=Wrestling
smgolf=Sports / Golf
smgolfb=Sports / Golf
smgolfj=Sports / Golf
smgp=Driving / Race 1st Person
smgp5=Driving / Race 1st Person
smgp6=Driving / Race 1st Person
smgpj=Driving / Race 1st Person
smgpu=Driving / Race 1st Person
smgpu2=Driving / Race 1st Person
smgpu3=Driving / Race 1st Person
smleague=Sports / Baseball
smooncrs=Shooter / Gallery
snakepit=Fighter / Field
snakjack=Ball & Paddle
snapjack=Misc.
snapper=Maze
sncwgltd=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sngkace=Shooter / Flying Vertical
snowbalt=Sports / Skiing
snowboar=Sports / Skiing
snowbro2=Platform / Run Jump
snowbro3=Platform / Run Jump
snowbroa=Platform / Run Jump
snowbrob=Platform / Run Jump
snowbroc=Platform / Run Jump
snowbroj=Platform / Run Jump
snowbros=Platform / Run Jump
socbrawl=Sports / Soccer
soccer=Sports / Soccer
soccersa=Sports / Soccer
soccerss=Sports / Soccer
sokonuke=Platform / Run Jump
sokyugrt=Shooter / Flying Vertical
solarfox=Maze / Shooter Small
solarq=Shooter / Field
solarwar=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
soldamj=Puzzle / Drop
soldivid=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
solfight=Shooter / Gallery
solfigtr=Fighter / Versus
solomon=Puzzle / Maze
solvalou=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
sonic=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
sonicbom=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sonicp=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
sonicwi=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sonicwi2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sonicwi3=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sonofphx=Shooter / Gallery
sonson=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
sonsonj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
sos=Shooter / Flying Vertical *Mature*
sotsugyo=Mini-Games
soukobdx=Puzzle
soulclba=Fighter / Versus
soulclbr=Fighter / Versus
souledga=Fighter / Versus
souledgb=Fighter / Versus
souledgc=Fighter / Versus
souledge=Fighter / Versus
spacbatt=Shooter / Gallery
spacbeam=Shooter / Gallery
spacduel=Shooter / Field
spaceat2=Shooter / Gallery
spaceatt=Shooter / Gallery
spacebrd=Shooter / Gallery
spacecho=Shooter / Gallery
spacecr=Shooter / Gallery
spacedem=Shooter / Gallery
spacedx=Shooter / Gallery
spacedxj=Shooter / Gallery
spacedxo=Shooter / Gallery
spacefb=Shooter / Gallery
spacefbb=Shooter / Gallery
spacefbg=Shooter / Gallery
spacefev=Shooter / Gallery
spacefrt=Shooter / Misc.
spaceftr=Shooter / Field
spacefva=Shooter / Gallery
spaceg=Shooter / Gallery
spacegun=Shooter / Gun
spaceint=Shooter / Gallery
spacelnc=Maze
spaceod=Shooter / Flying
spaceph=Shooter / Gallery
spaceplt=Shooter / Field
spaceskr=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
spacetrk=Shooter / Gallery
spacewar=Shooter / Field
spacewr3=Shooter / Gallery
spacezap=Shooter / Gallery
spacfura=Shooter / Field
spacfury=Shooter / Field
spang=Shooter / Gallery
spangj=Shooter / Gallery
sparkman=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
sparkz=Puzzle / Drop
spartanx=Fighter / 2D
spatter=Maze / Driving
spbactn=Pinball *Mature*
spbactnj=Pinball *Mature*
spceking=Shooter / Gallery
spcenctr=Shooter / Gallery
spcewarl=Shooter / Gallery
spcewars=Shooter / Gallery
spcforc2=Shooter / Field
spcforce=Shooter / Field
spcfrcii=Shooter / Walking
spcinv95=Shooter / Gallery
spcinvdj=Shooter / Gallery
spcking2=Shooter / Gallery
spclaser=Shooter / Gallery
spclforc=Shooter / Walking
spclorda=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
spclordb=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
spclordg=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
spclords=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
spcnv95u=Shooter / Gallery
spcpostn=Driving / Race
spctbird=Shooter / Gallery
spdball=Sports
spdcoin=Puzzle
spdodgeb=Sports / Dodgeball
speakres=Shooter / Gallery
spectar=Maze / Shooter Small
spectar1=Maze / Shooter Small
speedatk=Casino
speedbal=Pinball
speedfrk=Driving / 1st Person
speedrcr=Unplayable
speedspn=Sports / Tennis
speedup=Unplayable
speglsha=Unplayable
speglsht=Unplayable
spelnkrj=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
spelunk2=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
spelunkr=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
spf2t=Puzzle / Drop
spf2ta=Puzzle / Drop
spf2xj=Puzzle / Drop
spiders=Shooter / Gallery
spiders2=Shooter / Gallery
spidman=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
spidmanu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
spiero=Maze
spiker=Sports / Volleyball
spinlbrj=Shooter / 3rd Person
spinlbrk=Shooter / 3rd Person
spinlbru=Shooter / 3rd Person
spinmast=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
spinner=Shooter / Gallery
splash=Misc. *Mature*
splat=Shooter / Field
splatter=Fighter / 2D
splndrbt=Driving / Race
spnchotj=Sports / Boxing
spnchout=Sports / Boxing
spool3=Sports / Pool
spool3i=Sports / Pool
sprcros2=Driving / Race Bike
sprcrs2a=Driving / Race Bike
sprglobp=Platform / Run Jump
springer=Platform / Run Jump
sprint1=Driving / Race Track
sprint2=Driving / Race Track
sprint2a=Driving / Race Track
sprint4=Driving / Race Track
sprint4a=Driving / Race Track
sprint8=Driving / Race Track
sprint8a=Driving
sprmatkd=Shooter / Command
sprtmtch=Puzzle / Match
sptrekct=Shooter / Gallery
spy=Fighter / 2.5D
spyhnt2a=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
spyhunt=Shooter / Driving Vertical
spyhunt2=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
spyu=Fighter / 2.5D
sqbert=Platform / Run Jump
sqix=Puzzle / Outline
sqixa=Puzzle / Outline
sqixbl=Puzzle / Outline
squash=Unplayable
sraider=Shooter / Gallery
srally2=Unplayable
srallyc=Unplayable
sranger=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
srangerb=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
srangerw=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
srdarwin=Shooter / Flying Vertical
srdarwnj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
srdmissn=Shooter / Flying Vertical
srmp2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
srmp3=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
srmp4=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
srmp4o=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
srmp5=Unplayable
srmp6=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
srmp7=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
srumbler=Shooter / Driving Vertical
srumblr2=Shooter / Driving Vertical
ssanchan=Maze / Driving
sscandal=Fighter / 2D
sscope=Unplayable
sscope2=Unplayable
ssf2=Fighter / Versus
ssf2a=Fighter / Versus
ssf2ar1=Fighter / Versus
ssf2j=Fighter / Versus
ssf2jr1=Fighter / Versus
ssf2jr2=Fighter / Versus
ssf2t=Fighter / Versus
ssf2ta=Fighter / Versus
ssf2tb=Fighter / Versus
ssf2tbj=Fighter / Versus
ssf2tu=Fighter / Versus
ssf2tur1=Fighter / Versus
ssf2u=Fighter / Versus
ssf2xj=Fighter / Versus
ssfindo=Misc.
sshangha=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
sshanghb=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
sshoot12=Shooter / Gun
sshooter=Shooter / Gun
sshot137=Sports / Shuffleboard
ssi=Shooter / Gallery
ssideki=Sports / Soccer
ssideki2=Sports / Soccer
ssideki3=Sports / Soccer
ssideki4=Sports / Soccer
ssingles=Unplayable
sslam=Sports / Tennis
sslama=Sports / Tennis
ssmissin=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ssoldier=Fighter / Versus
ssozumo=Sports / Sumo
sspacaho=Multiplay
sspacat2=Shooter / Gallery
sspacat3=Shooter / Gallery
sspacatc=Shooter / Gallery
sspaceat=Shooter / Gallery
sspeedr=Driving / Race
sspirits=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sspirtfc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sspring1=Driving / Race Track
ssprint=Driving / Race Track
ssprint1=Driving / Race Track
ssprint3=Driving / Race Track
ssprintf=Driving / Race Track
ssprintg=Driving / Race Track
ssprints=Driving / Race Track
ssrdrabd=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssrdradd=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssrdrebc=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssrdrebd=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssrdrjbd=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssrdruac=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssrdrubc=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssrdruda=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssriders=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
ssrj=Driving / Race
sss=Sports / Skiing
sstingry=Shooter / Driving Vertical
sstrangr=Shooter / Gallery
sstrike=Sports / Bowling
sstriker=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sstrikra=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sstrngr2=Shooter / Gallery
stactics=Shooter / Gallery
stadh96a=Sports / Baseball
stadhero=Sports / Baseball
stadhr96=Sports / Baseball
stagger1=Shooter / Flying Vertical
stakwin=Sports / Horse Racing
stakwin2=Sports / Horse Racing
stankatk=Unplayable
starblad=Shooter / Command
starcas=Shooter / Field
starcas1=Shooter / Field
starcase=Shooter / Field
starcasp=Shooter / Field
starcrus=Shooter / Field
starfigh=Shooter / Gallery
starfir2=Unplayable
starfira=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
starfire=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
starforc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
starfore=Shooter / Flying Vertical
stargate=Shooter / Flying
starglad=Fighter / Versus
stargld2=Fighter / Versus
stargrds=Shooter / Field
starhawk=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
starjack=Shooter / Flying Vertical
starjacs=Shooter / Flying Vertical
starlstr=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
starshp1=Shooter / Command
starshpp=Shooter / Command
starspnr=Unplayable
starswep=Puzzle
startrek=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
startrkd=Shooter / Flying
starw=Shooter / Gallery
starwar1=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
starwars=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
statriv2=Quiz / English
statriv4=Quiz / English
stcc=Unplayable
stdragon=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
steelta1=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
steeltag=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
steeltal=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
steeltap=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
stellcas=Shooter / Field
stfight=Shooter / 1st Person
stfighta=Shooter / 1st Person
stg=Shooter / Flying Vertical
stinger=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
stinger2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
stkclmns=Puzzle / Drop
stlforce=Maze / Shooter Large
stmblade=Shooter / Flying Vertical
stocker=Driving
stoffy=Maze / Digging *Mature*
stompin=Misc.
stoneage=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
stoneba2=Sports
stonebal=Sports
storming=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
strahl=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
strahla=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
stratab=Sports / Bowling
stratab1=Sports / Bowling
stratgys=Shooter / Driving Vertical
stratgyx=Shooter / Driving Vertical
stratof=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
stratvox=Shooter / Gallery
streakng=Maze
streets1=Fighter / Versus Co-op
streetsj=Fighter / Versus Co-op
streetsm=Fighter / Versus Co-op
streetsw=Fighter / Versus Co-op
strfbomb=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
strhoop=Sports / Basketball
strider=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
strider2=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
striderj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
stridrja=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
stridrua=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
striv=Quiz / French
strkfgtr=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
strkforc=Shooter / Flying
strkzone=Sports / Baseball
strnskil=Sports
strtdriv=Driving / 1st Person
strtheat=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
strvmstr=Quiz / English
stunrn2e=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrn3e=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrun=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrun0=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrun2=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrun3=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrun4=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrun5=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrune=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrunj=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stunrunp=Shooter / Driving (chase view)
stvbios=BIOS
subhunt=Shooter / Gallery
subroc3d=Shooter / Command
subs=Shooter / Field
sucasino=Casino
suchipi=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
suikoenb=Unplayable
sundance=Misc.
sunsetbl=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
supbtime=Platform / Run Jump
supbtimj=Platform / Run Jump
supdrapo=Casino
superbik=Shooter / Driving Horizontal
superbon=Maze / Shooter Small
superbug=Driving
superchs=Driving / 1st Person
superg=Shooter / Gallery
supergx=Unplayable
superinv=Shooter / Gallery
superman=Fighter / 2D
superpac=Maze
superpcm=Maze
superspy=Fighter / Misc.
supertnk=Shooter / Field
supertr2=Quiz / English *Mature*
supertr3=Quiz / English *Mature*
superx=Shooter / Flying Vertical
superxm=Shooter / Flying Vertical
suplup=Puzzle / Toss *Mature*
suprglob=Platform / Run Jump
suprgolf=Sports / Golf
suprleag=Unplayable
suprloco=Misc.
suprmanj=Fighter / 2D
suprmatk=Shooter / Command
suprmous=Platform / Run Jump
suprmrio=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
suprridr=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
suprslam=Sports / Basketball
suprtrio=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
supxevs=Shooter / Flying Vertical
suratk=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
suratkj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
surfplnt=Sports / Skiing
survarts=Fighter / Versus
survartu=Fighter / Versus
survival=Shooter / Field
susume=Puzzle / Drop
sutapper=Misc.
suzuk8h2=Driving / Race (chase view)
suzuk8hj=Driving / Race (chase view)
suzuka8h=Driving / Race (chase view)
suzume=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
svf=Sports / Soccer
svolley=Sports / Volleyball
svolleyk=Sports / Volleyball
svolleyu=Sports / Volleyball
svolly91=Sports / Volleyball
svs=Sports / Soccer
swa=Unplayable
swarm=Shooter / Gallery
swat=Shooter / Field
swcourt=Sports / Tennis
swimmer=Sports / Swimming
swimmera=Sports / Swimming
swimmerb=Sports / Swimming
sws=Sports / Baseball
sws92=Sports / Baseball
sws92g=Sports / Baseball
sws93=Sports / Baseball
sws95=Sports / Baseball
sws96=Sports / Baseball
sws97=Sports / Baseball
sws99=Sports / Baseball
swtrilgy=Unplayable
sxevious=Shooter / Flying Vertical
sxyreac2=Pinball / Pachinko *Mature*
sxyreact=Pinball / Pachinko *Mature*
syvalion=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
szaxxon=Shooter / Flying Diagonal
tacscan=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tactcan2=Shooter / Gallery
tactcian=Shooter / Gallery
tagteam=Wrestling
tail2nos=Driving / Race
tailg=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
taitofx1=BIOS
taitogn=BIOS
taiwanmb=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
talbot=Unplayable
tank8=Maze / Shooter Small
tank8a=Maze / Shooter Small
tank8b=Maze / Shooter Small
tank8c=Maze / Shooter Small
tank8d=Maze / Shooter Small
tankbatt=Maze / Shooter Small
tankbust=Maze / Shooter Large
tankfrce=Maze / Shooter Small
tankfrcj=Maze / Shooter Small
tantr=Mini-Games
tantrbl=Mini-Games
tantrbl2=Mini-Games
tantrkor=Mini-Games
taotaida=Fighter / Versus
taotaido=Fighter / Versus
tapper=Misc.
tappera=Misc.
targ=Maze / Shooter Small
targc=Maze / Shooter Small
targeth=Shooter / Gun
tarzan=Unplayable
tattass=Fighter / Versus
tattassa=Fighter / Versus
taxidrvr=Maze / Driving
tazmani2=Shooter / Gallery
tazmania=Shooter / Gallery
tazzmang=Shooter / Gallery
tbowl=Sports / Football Amer.
tbowlj=Sports / Football Amer.
tbyahhoo=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tceptor=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
tceptor2=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
tcl=Unplayable
tcobra2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tcobra2u=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tdfever=Sports / Football Amer.
tdfever2=Sports / Football Amer.
tdfeverj=Sports / Football Amer.
tdragon=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tdragon2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tdragonb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
teamqb=Sports / Football Amer.
teamqb2=Sports / Football Amer.
techromn=Fighter / Versus
tecmowcm=Sports / Soccer
teddybb=Platform / Shooter
teddybbo=Platform / Shooter
teedoff=Sports / Golf
tehkanwc=Sports / Soccer
tekipaki=Puzzle / Drop
tekken=Fighter / Versus
tekken2=Fighter / Versus
tekken2a=Fighter / Versus
tekken2b=Fighter / Versus
tekken3=Fighter / Versus
tekken3a=Fighter / Versus
tekkena=Fighter / Versus
tekkenb=Fighter / Versus
tekkenc=Fighter / Versus
tekkentt=Fighter / Versus
teljan=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
telmahjn=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
tempest=Shooter / Gallery
tempest1=Shooter / Gallery
tempest2=Shooter / Gallery
tempest3=Shooter / Gallery
temptube=Shooter / Gallery
tengai=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
tenkomor=Mini-Games
tenthdeg=Fighter / Versus
teplus2j=Puzzle / Drop
term2=Shooter / Gun
term2la1=Shooter / Gun
term2la2=Shooter / Gun
terracra=Shooter / Flying Vertical
terracrb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
terracre=Shooter / Flying Vertical
terraf=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
terrafu=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
tetris=Puzzle / Drop
tetris1=Puzzle / Drop
tetris2=Puzzle / Drop
tetris3=Puzzle / Drop
tetrisbl=Puzzle / Drop
tetrisp=Puzzle / Drop
tetrisp2=Puzzle / Drop
tetrist=Puzzle / Drop
tetrista=Puzzle / Drop
tfrceac=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
tfrceacb=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
tfrceacj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
tgmj=Puzzle / Drop
tgtball=Sports / Pool *Mature*
tgtballa=Sports / Pool
tharierj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tharrier=Shooter / Flying Vertical
thedeep=Shooter / Gallery
theend=Shooter / Gallery
theends=Shooter / Gallery
theglob=Platform / Run Jump
theglob2=Platform / Run Jump
theglob3=Platform / Run Jump
theglobp=Platform / Run Jump
thegrid=Unplayable
thehand=Maze
thehustj=Sports / Pool
thehustl=Sports / Pool
themj=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
thepit=Maze / Digging
thetogyu=Sports / Bull Fighting
thief=Maze
thndblst=Shooter / Flying Vertical
thnderxa=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
thnderxj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
thndfoxj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
thndfoxu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
thndrbdj=Shooter / Flying
thndrbld=Shooter / Flying
thndrx2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
thndrx2a=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
thndzone=Shooter / Walking
thoop=Unplayable
thoop2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
thrilld=Unplayable
thunderj=Shooter / Misc. Horizontal
thunderl=Breakout
thunderx=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
thundfox=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
thunt=Mini-Games
tickee=Shooter / Gun
tictac=Unplayable
tigerh=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tigerh2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tigerhb1=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tigerhb2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tigerhj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tigeroad=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
tigerodb=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
timber=Misc.
timecris=Shooter / Gun
timecrs2=Unplayable
timecrsa=Shooter / Gun
timek131=Fighter / Versus
timekill=Fighter / Versus
timelimt=Platform / Shooter
timeplt=Shooter / Field
timeplta=Shooter / Field
timepltc=Shooter / Field
timesca1=Pinball
timescan=Pinball
timesol1=Shooter / Walking
timesold=Shooter / Walking
timetunl=Maze
tinklpit=Maze
tinstar=Shooter / Gallery
tinv2650=Shooter / Gallery
tiptop=Platform / Run Jump
titlef=Sports / Boxing
titlefu=Sports / Boxing
tkdensho=Unplayable
tkmmpzdm=Puzzle / Drop
tknight=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
tkoboxng=Sports / Boxing
tmek=Fighter / Versus
tmekprot=Fighter / Versus
tmht=Fighter / 2.5D
tmht2p=Fighter / 2.5D
tmmjprd=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
tmnt=Fighter / 2.5D
tmnt2=Fighter / 2.5D
tmnt22p=Fighter / 2.5D
tmnt2a=Fighter / 2.5D
tmnt2pj=Fighter / 2.5D
tmnt2po=Fighter / 2.5D
tmntj=Fighter / 2.5D
tmntu=Fighter / 2.5D
tmntua=Fighter / 2.5D
tndrcade=Shooter / Driving Vertical
tndrcadj=Shooter / Driving Vertical
tnexspce=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tnk3=Shooter / Driving Vertical
tnk3j=Shooter / Driving Vertical
tnzs=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
tnzsj=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
tnzso=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
todruaga=Maze
todruago=Maze
toffy=Maze / Digging
toggle=Maze / Shooter Small
toki=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
tokia=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
tokib=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
tokij=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
tokimbsj=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
tokio=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tokiob=Shooter / Flying Vertical
tokisens=Shooter / Walking
tokiu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
tokkae=Puzzle
tokyogal=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
tomahaw5=Shooter / Gallery
tomahawk=Shooter / Gallery
tondemo=Mini-Games
tontonb=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
toobin=Sports / Swimming
toobin1=Sports / Swimming
toobin2=Sports / Swimming
toobin2e=Sports / Swimming
toobine=Sports / Swimming
toobing=Sports / Swimming
topgun=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
topgunbl=Shooter / Driving Vertical
topgunnr=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
topgunr=Shooter / Driving Vertical
tophunta=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
tophuntr=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
topland=Misc.
topracer=Driving / Race (chase view)
topracra=Driving / Race (chase view)
topracrb=Driving / Race (chase view)
topsecex=Shooter / Driving
topsecrt=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
topskatr=Unplayable
topspedu=Driving / Race (chase view)
topspeed=Driving / Race (chase view)
toramich=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
toratora=Shooter / Gallery
toride2g=Puzzle / Match
tornado1=Shooter / Flying
tornado2=Shooter / Flying
tornbase=Sports / Baseball
torus=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
toryumon=Puzzle / Drop
totcarn=Shooter / Walking
totcarnp=Shooter / Walking
touchgo=Sports / Volleyball
tourtab2=Multiplay
tourtabl=Multiplay
toutrun=Driving / Race (chase view)
toutrun1=Driving / Race (chase view)
toutrun2=Driving / Race (chase view)
toypop=Maze
tp2m32=Puzzle / Drop
tp84=Shooter / Field
tp84a=Shooter / Field
tpgolf=Sports / Golf
tps=BIOS
trackflc=Sports / Track & Field
trackfld=Sports / Track & Field
trally=Driving / Race
tranqgun=Maze / Shooter Small
transfrm=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
travrusa=Driving / Race Bike
trckydoc=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
treahunt=Climbing
tricktrp=Shooter / Walking
trigon=Shooter / Flying Vertical
triothej=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
triothep=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
triplep=Maze / Outline
triplew1=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
triplew2=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
triplfun=Mini-Games
triplhnt=Shooter / Gun
tripool=Sports / Pool
tripoola=Sports / Pool
trisport=Multiplay
triviabb=Quiz / English
triviag1=Quiz / English
triviag2=Quiz / English
triviasp=Quiz / English
triviayp=Quiz / English
trivquiz=Quiz / English
troangel=Sports / Skiing
trog=Maze
trog3=Maze
trogp=Maze
trogpa6=Maze
trojan=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
trojanj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
trojanr=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
tron=Multiplay
tron2=Multiplay
tron3=Multiplay
tron4=Multiplay
trstar=Sports / Boxing
trstarj=Sports / Boxing
trstaro=Sports / Boxing
trstaroj=Sports / Boxing
truco=Casino
trucocl=Casino
truxton=Shooter / Flying Vertical
truxton2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
trvchlng=Quiz / English
trvgns=Quiz / English *Mature*
trvmstr=Quiz / English *Mature*
trvwhiz=Unplayable
trvwhza=Unplayable
trvwhzii=Unplayable
tryout=Sports / Baseball
ts2=Fighter / Versus
ts2j=Fighter / Versus
tsamura2=Fighter / 2D
tsamurai=Fighter / 2D
tshingen=Fighter / Field
tshingna=Fighter / Field
tshoot=Shooter / Gun
tst_galx=Shooter / Gallery
tst_invd=Shooter / Gallery
tstrike=Unplayable
ttmahjng=Tabletop / Mahjong
tturf=Fighter / 2.5D
tturfbl=Fighter / 2.5D
tturfu=Fighter / 2.5D
tubeit=Puzzle / Drop
tubep=Shooter / Gallery
tugboat=Driving / Boat
tumblep=Platform / Run Jump
tumblep2=Platform / Run Jump
tumblepb=Platform / Run Jump
tumblepj=Platform / Run Jump
tunhunt=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
tunhuntc=Shooter / Flying 1st Person
turbo=Driving / Race (chase view)
turboa=Driving / Race (chase view)
turbob=Driving / Race (chase view)
turbofrc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
turbosub=Unplayable
turbotag=Driving
turfmast=Sports / Golf
turpin=Maze
turtles=Maze
turtshik=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
turtship=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
tutankhm=Maze / Shooter Large
tutankst=Maze / Shooter Large
tutstomb=Shooter / Gun
twcup98=Sports / Soccer
twinbee=Shooter / Flying Vertical
twinbrat=Maze *Mature*
twincobr=Shooter / Flying Vertical
twincobu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
twineag2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
twineagl=Shooter / Flying Vertical
twinfalc=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
twinhawk=Shooter / Flying Vertical
twinhwku=Shooter / Flying Vertical
twinkle=Maze
twinqix=Puzzle / Outline
twins=Puzzle / Match *Mature*
twinspri=Shooter / Flying Vertical
twinsqua=Unplayable
twocrude=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
twotiger=Shooter / Field
twotigrc=Shooter / Field
twrdc94a=Sports / Soccer
twrldc94=Sports / Soccer
tws96=Sports / Soccer
tx1=Unplayable
tylz=Maze
typhoon=Shooter / Flying Vertical
uballoon=Platform / Run Jump
uccops=Fighter / 2.5D
uccopsj=Fighter / 2.5D
uchuuai=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
uecology=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
ufosensb=Maze / Shooter Large
ufosensi=Maze / Shooter Large
ultennis=Sports / Tennis
ultraman=Fighter / Versus
ultramhm=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
ultratnk=Shooter / Versus
ultrax=Shooter / Flying Vertical
umanclub=Shooter / Field
umk3=Fighter / Versus
umk3r10=Fighter / Versus
umk3r11=Fighter / Versus
undoukai=Sports / Track & Field
undrfire=Shooter / Gun
undrfirj=Shooter / Gun
undrfiru=Shooter / Gun
uniwars=Shooter / Gallery
unkmeyco=Unplayable
unsquad=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
untoucha=Casino *Mature*
uopoko=Puzzle / Toss
upndown=Maze / Driving
upndownu=Maze / Driving
upyoural=Sports / Bowling
urashima=Unplayable
usclssic=Sports / Golf
usg185=Multiplay *Mature*
usg252=Multiplay *Mature*
usg32=Multiplay *Mature*
usg82=Multiplay
usg83=Multiplay
usg83x=Multiplay
usvsthem=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
utoukond=Fighter / 2.5D
valkyrie=Shooter / Walking
valtric=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vamphalf=Fighter / Versus
vampj=Fighter / Versus
vampja=Fighter / Versus
vampjr1=Fighter / Versus
vandyjal=Fighter / Vertical
vandyke=Fighter / Vertical
vangrd2=Shooter / Field
vangrdce=Shooter / Flying
vanguard=Shooter / Flying
vanguarj=Shooter / Flying
vanilla=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
vanvan=Maze
vanvanb=Maze
vanvank=Maze
vaportra=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vaportrp=Driving / Race (chase view)
vaportru=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vaportrx=Driving / Race (chase view)
varth=Shooter / Flying Vertical
varthj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
varthu=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vasara=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vasara2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vasara2a=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vastar=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
vastar2=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
vautour=Shooter / Gallery
vautour2=Shooter / Gallery
vball=Sports / Volleyball
vball2pj=Sports / Volleyball
vblokbrk=Breakout
vbowl=Sports / Bowling
vcircle=Fighter / Versus
vcop=Unplayable
vcop2=Unplayable
vendet2p=Fighter / 2.5D
vendetao=Fighter / 2.5D
vendetas=Fighter / 2.5D
vendetta=Fighter / 2.5D
vendettj=Fighter / 2.5D
vendtaso=Fighter / 2.5D
venture=Maze / Shooter Small
venture2=Maze / Shooter Small
venture4=Maze / Shooter Small
venus=Shooter / Gallery
vf=Fighter / Versus
vf2=Unplayable
vf2b=Unplayable
vf2o=Unplayable
vf3=Unplayable
vf3tb=Unplayable
vfive=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vfkids=Fighter / Versus
vformula=Unplayable
vfremix=Fighter / Versus
vgoalsca=Sports / Soccer
vgoalsoc=Sports / Soccer
vhunt2=Fighter / Versus
vhunt2r1=Fighter / Versus
vhuntj=Fighter / Versus
vhuntjr1=Fighter / Versus
vhuntjr2=Fighter / Versus
victlapw=Unplayable
victnine=Sports / Baseball
victorba=Shooter / Field
victory=Shooter / Field
victroad=Shooter / Walking
videopin=Pinball
vidvince=Platform / Run Jump
viewpoin=Shooter / Flying Diagonal
vigilant=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
vigilntj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
vigilntu=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
vimana=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vimana1=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vimanan=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vindc2r1=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindc2r2=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindctr2=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindice3=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindice4=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindict1=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindict2=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindict4=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindicte=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindictg=Shooter / Driving Vertical
vindictr=Shooter / Driving Vertical
viofight=Fighter / Versus
viofighu=Fighter / Versus
viostorm=Fighter / 2.5D
viostrma=Fighter / 2.5D
viostrmj=Fighter / 2.5D
viostrmu=Fighter / 2.5D
vipclub=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
viper=Shooter / Command
viprp1=Shooter / Flying Vertical
viprp1o=Shooter / Flying Vertical
viprp1ot=Shooter / Flying Vertical
viprp1s=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vitaminc=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
vliner=Misc. Betting
vlinero=Misc. Betting
vmahjong=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
vmetal=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vmetaln=Shooter / Flying Vertical
volfied=Puzzle / Outline
volfiedj=Puzzle / Outline
volfiedu=Puzzle / Outline
von=Unplayable
von2=Unplayable
von254g=Unplayable
vonusa=Unplayable
vp906iii=Misc. Betting
vpool=Sports / Pool
vr=Unplayable
vroulet=Misc. Betting
vs2=Unplayable
vs215=Unplayable
vs298=Unplayable
vs29815=Unplayable
vs299=Unplayable
vs2v991=Unplayable
vsav=Fighter / Versus
vsav2=Fighter / Versus
vsava=Fighter / Versus
vsavh=Fighter / Versus
vsavj=Fighter / Versus
vsavu=Fighter / Versus
vsbbalja=Sports / Baseball
vsbbaljb=Sports / Baseball
vsbball=Sports / Baseball
vsbballj=Sports / Baseball
vsfdf=Shooter / Gun
vsgongf=Sports / Boxing
vsgradus=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
vsgshoe=Platform / Run Jump
vshoot=Sports / Soccer
vsmahjng=Tabletop / Mahjong
vsnetscj=Sports / Soccer
vsnetscr=Sports / Soccer
vspinbal=Pinball
vspinblj=Pinball
vsskykid=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
vsslalom=Sports / Skiing
vssoccer=Sports / Soccer
vstennij=Sports / Tennis
vstennis=Sports / Tennis
vstetris=Puzzle / Drop
vstriker=Unplayable
vstrikra=Unplayable
vsyard=Sports / Football Amer.
vsyard2=Sports / Football Amer.
vulcan=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
vulgus=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vulgus2=Shooter / Flying Vertical
vulgusj=Shooter / Flying Vertical
wacko=Shooter / Field
wakuwak7=Fighter / Versus
wallc=Breakout
wallca=Breakout
wallst=Ball & Paddle
wanted=Shooter / 3rd Person
wardner=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
wardnerj=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
warfa=Unplayable
wargods=Fighter / Versus
warlords=Breakout
warofbug=Shooter / Gallery
warpwar2=Shooter / Misc.
warpwarp=Shooter / Misc.
warpwarr=Shooter / Misc.
warrior=Fighter / Field
warriorb=Fighter / 2.5D
warzard=Unplayable
waterski=Sports / Skiing
wb3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wb31=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wb32=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wb33=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wb34=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wb3bbl=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wbbc97=Sports / Volleyball
wbdeluxe=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wbeachvl=Sports / Volleyball
wbml=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wbmlb=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wbmljb=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wbmljo=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wboy=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wboy2=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wboy2u=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wboy3=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wboyo=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wboyu=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wc90=Sports / Soccer
wc90a=Sports / Soccer
wc90b=Sports / Soccer
wc90t=Sports / Soccer
wcatcher=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
wcbowl=Sports / Bowling
wcbowldx=Sports / Bowling
wcbwl12=Sports / Bowling
wcbwl140=Sports / Bowling
wcbwl161=Sports / Bowling
wcbwl165=Sports / Bowling
wcvol95=Unplayable
wecleman=Driving / Race (chase view)
weddingr=Quiz / Japanese
welltrij=Puzzle / Drop
welltris=Puzzle / Drop
weststry=Shooter / 3rd Person
wexpresb=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
wexpresc=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
wexpress=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
wfortuna=Quiz / English
wfortune=Quiz / English
wg3dh=Sports / Hockey
wgp=Driving / Race 1st P Bike
wgp2=Driving / Race 1st P Bike
wgpj=Driving / Race 1st P Bike
wgpjoy=Driving / Race 1st P Bike
wgpjoya=Driving / Race 1st P Bike
wh1=Fighter / Versus
wh1h=Fighter / Versus
wh2=Fighter / Versus
wh2j=Fighter / Versus
whizz=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
whodunit=Shooter / Gun
whoopee=Platform / Run Jump *Mature*
whp=Fighter / Versus
wiggie=Breakout *Mature*
wildfang=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
wildplt=Shooter / Gun
willow=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
willowj=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
willowje=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wilytowr=Platform / Run Jump Scrolling
windheat=Unplayable
wingwar=Unplayable
wingwara=Unplayable
wink=Unplayable
winrun=Unplayable
winrun91=Unplayable
winspike=Sports / Volleyball
winspikj=Sports / Volleyball
wintbob=Platform / Run Jump
winterht=Sports / Skiing
wiping=Maze / Digging
wiseguy=Puzzle
wits=Maze / Surround
wiz=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wizdfire=Maze / Fighter
wizt=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
wizwarz=Shooter / Gallery
wizzquiz=Quiz / English
wizzquza=Quiz / English
wjammers=Sports
wldarrow=Misc. Betting
wldcourt=Sports / Tennis
wmatch=Sports / Track & Field
wndrmomo=Fighter / 2D
wndrplnt=Shooter / Flying Vertical
wof=Fighter / 2.5D
wofa=Fighter / 2.5D
wofj=Fighter / 2.5D
wofu=Fighter / 2.5D
wolfpack=Shooter / Gallery
wonder3=Multiplay
woodpek=Platform / Run Jump
woodpeka=Platform / Run Jump
worldwar=Shooter / Flying Vertical
wotw=Shooter / Gallery
wotwc=Shooter / Gallery
wow=Maze / Shooter Small
wpksoc=Sports / Soccer
wrally=Driving / Race
wrally2=Driving / Race
wrallya=Driving / Race
wrecking=Platform / Run Jump
wrestwa1=Wrestling
wrestwa2=Wrestling
wrestwar=Wrestling
wrofaero=Shooter / Flying Vertical
ws=Sports / Baseball
ws89=Sports / Baseball
ws90=Sports / Baseball
wseries=Sports / Baseball
wsf=Sports / Soccer
wtennis=Sports / Tennis
wwallyj=Mini-Games
wwallyja=Mini-Games
wwester1=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
wwestern=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
wwfmania=Wrestling
wwfsstaj=Wrestling
wwfsstar=Wrestling
wwfsstau=Wrestling
wwfwfest=Wrestling
wwfwfsta=Wrestling
wwfwfstb=Wrestling
wwfwfstj=Wrestling
wwjgtin=Sports / Horse Racing
xday2=Unplayable
xenophob=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
xevi3dg=Shooter / Flying Vertical
xevios=Shooter / Flying Vertical
xevious=Shooter / Flying Vertical
xeviousa=Shooter / Flying Vertical
xeviousb=Shooter / Flying Vertical
xeviousc=Shooter / Flying Vertical
xexex=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
xexexj=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
xfiles=Unplayable
xmcota=Fighter / Versus
xmcotaa=Fighter / Versus
xmcotah=Fighter / Versus
xmcotaj=Fighter / Versus
xmcotaj1=Fighter / Versus
xmcotajr=Fighter / Versus
xmcotau=Fighter / Versus
xmen=Fighter / 2.5D
xmen2p=Fighter / 2.5D
xmen2pj=Fighter / 2.5D
xmen6p=Fighter / 2.5D
xmen6pu=Fighter / 2.5D
xmultipl=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
xmvsf=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfa=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfar1=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfb=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfh=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfj=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfjr1=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfjr2=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfu=Fighter / Versus
xmvsfur1=Fighter / Versus
xorworld=Puzzle
xsleena=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
xsleenab=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
xtheball=Misc.
xxmissio=Shooter / Flying Vertical
xybots=Maze / Shooter Large
xybots0=Maze / Shooter Large
xybots1=Maze / Shooter Large
xybotsf=Maze / Shooter Large
xybotsg=Maze / Shooter Large
xymg=Unplayable
xyonix=Puzzle / Drop
yachtmn=Sports
yamagchi=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
yamato=Shooter / Gallery
yamato2=Shooter / Gallery
yamyam=Puzzle
yanchamr=Platform / Fighter Scrolling
yankeedo=Maze / Digging
yard=Sports / Football Amer.
yarunara=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
yellowcb=Maze / Driving
yesnoj=Quiz / Japanese
yiear=Fighter / Versus
yiear2=Fighter / Versus
yokaidko=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
yosakdoa=Shooter / Gallery
yosakdon=Shooter / Gallery
yosimoto=Tabletop / Mahjong *Mature*
youjyudn=Shooter / Walking
youkaidk=Platform / Shooter Scrolling
youma=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
yujan=Unplayable
yuka=Unplayable
yumefuda=Unplayable
yuyugogo=Quiz / Japanese
zaryavos=Unplayable
zarzon=Shooter / Gallery
zaviga=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
zavigaj=Shooter / Misc. Vertical
zaxxon=Shooter / Flying Diagonal
zaxxon2=Shooter / Flying Diagonal
zaxxonb=Shooter / Flying Diagonal
zedblade=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
zektor=Shooter / Field
zero=Shooter / Flying
zerogun=Unplayable
zeroguna=Unplayable
zerogunj=Unplayable
zerohour=Shooter / Gallery
zeropnt=Shooter / Gun
zeropnt2=Shooter / Gun
zeropnta=Shooter / Gun
zeroteaa=Unplayable
zeroteab=Unplayable
zeroteam=Unplayable
zerotime=Shooter / Gallery
zerotrgt=Unplayable
zerowing=Shooter / Flying Horizontal
zerozone=Puzzle / Drop *Mature*
zigzag=Maze / Digging
zigzag2=Maze / Digging
zingzip=Shooter / Flying Vertical
zintrckb=Puzzle / Toss
znpwfv=Wrestling
zoar=Shooter / Flying Vertical
zodiack=Shooter / Flying
zombraid=Shooter / Gun
zookeep=Platform / Run Jump
zookeep2=Platform / Run Jump
zookeep3=Platform / Run Jump
zoom909=Shooter / Flying (chase view)
zunkyou=Shooter / Gallery
zupapa=Platform / Run Jump
zwackery=Platform / Run Jump
zzyzzyx2=Maze
zzyzzyxx=Maze
